Do worry your Akirat Vanha angle left just Allha Tobkrle nada
Your fans are Pljh period in Bangladesh Sallu Bhai mate shall +8801719447771 period brother
Flop Jaaegi movie thee .... Ungrateful ..
Mami father, and child party and how all
What is thought in May about a wedding
I know that you have to marry him that I will not do to you, O ever I know him today is my Jrurrt Gimme so Importants delay
And she's a good girl
No choice ahead of you this may not be a place tick
Baijan I'm a big fan of Mr. Love shall Baijan until Baijan O Tptk I
Salman c my Ashikhi just you
What say Sallu Baijan
Asslamu alyekum bhai ek bar jwab prisoners do bhai
Salman's brother will have to earn just fame. Remember the little God Krokmahe Ramadan great culinary and repent to the Mahinakpljh worship Baijan
Salman bhai I say hi you did not answer
Sruk and Aamir Khan fell in front of you; O
Mortat infidel thou Salman bedouin
Kafr is to Salman Kenjr Marwas as Butti
salman sir aap london kab aao gaye plz aik baar ajoa i want to meet u once in life u are cororo mein aik sir
Salman once Answer me at least
Salman to be like us gathered once say something
Salman Khan g u Looking um I love you can not tell the actor that I am your such a big fan of ....
salman khan nice
Just time to Shri rest also did not finish and be Azan
Should prayer on R Bhot sleep treachery understand this truth Very Important
Not a do pray medal hope
A sunrise rose early and current workout
Sleeping late in the night Uye Abba Hanna came late night
Sea favroute kiss you ...
Mubarak Smolakm great
Salman Khan is ready head for today's party
Who has knowledge that the richest O
Anjana Dhamodharan hi suweet hart buhat achi lag rahi h0
h0w are y0u my friend kaise h0.
Real hero sallu bhai ^ _ ^
Brother, I'm sorry Nominate Pljh
Brother Ydkmahi in Duwa
Bhai aap bollywood king hokar apne aap ko bajrangi bhaijaan kya late ho Eid me a sob ko aacha nahi laga bohut sms araha ha is move ko mat dikho appne majhab ko chota kara ha kay a chsch ha?
Brother, what do I get the mobile number of application received my mobile number 9662821362
Brother Solution
Clean India Dnybad for Aviya ....
Month of Ramadan do worship exuberantly
Brother Love shall ...... you get a time in my life level ... Pljh brother sometimes msg Read ..... Pljh give me a call .... fill my life with happiness ...
You century Sl Luo
Ap I salman hai
salam will in January
the welakam saluu
My you may speak to a time Fb
Dead. Khan I have heard many things you and follow him. Trust.
Okk boss on your spades set eyes :)
You not named for me 2
Dolled Girls opened will Istrit wear girls clothes to meet their body color to open adopted Textiles learning that
Brother hit Bajrangi Bhaijaan then consider
Go when I went to sleep
Let's do not need to do very much Smile
Bby love you Always.Whose hand meet ever Rply Doga to Ezek death
salman i luv u alot n i wanna meet uh...plzz mjhse milo ya chat kro mjhse plzzzz i luv u ummaahhh
sir plz london aajoa plz
dhasu lag rahe ho salman bro miss you ...........
The Brother
If you'll hit Baijan not bigger of Muslims in the media or said Bajrangi week shall ere received Fall
Is Bay Salman Bdve
Jumma mubarak bhaijaan ... Kbhi hume b ghar eid pe bulao ... Jst joking ... God alwz bless u, allah ki rehmat rahe, ganeh ji ka hath sada apke sir pe rahe, vaeguruji k shatrachaya me aage badhte jao, All gods wid u alwz ....
Lo brother saris are Acha Moca
Salman khan criminal.
Know what looks brother
Is Behtha's happened Bevde Muhe hang Keio
salman Frnd
Boleto rock star Salman bhai
F brother Salman bhai
Bajrangi brother Us Women have also cosiness ........
Yes Rakhi you pluck all the same ... Ghjhghab girls Man !!!
i love u toooo sooooo mache salman khan
As I am your big fan in head
We do not love you wish :(
my salman khan
Nice Previous seem to you so handsome
Brother John Brother John O will continue there and not their copy Skta Yro Yes and No
Hallo're hearing hall Hia what compensation
Sir, you do not care Pljh Pljh Pljh
Today's Party Nice Song Baijan by my side
Good night, sir ..... Kapil Comedikkmen came Mamko adored ... Gudknaitksahb c ....
You're my foot sat the Chahi Khumari is all tired mohal the party continues O @@ feeling happy with Salman @@ Coming Soon Bajrangi Bhaijaan issues This @ Id @@
Brother ever look at my pass, controlled herself will forget O
mast ha salman khan sir songs
Do not do anything to make Salman bhai exacerbate any tension names of Muslim
Sallu Bhai <3
Hii ....'ve Baijan you ... you rear is great
I'm a big fan
luv u salman khan
Brother you Baijan movie will be 200
Happy Eid Songs Bajrangi bhaijana be caiye
Looking murderous style
Salu Bhai Dbngg 3 when you are released
On the whole world of Salman Khan dies level aggregate 1
Sallo bhai roze kase hy
You Muslims are not you temple schools Keio are ye are Qadiyani Salman
dashing salman khan ..
Be Mobarrk month of Ramadan app .... and Allah lock and Trrki App ....
Indian's star salmankhan
If you would rather not enjoy a Bollywood schools
My Jindingi should take you Baijan It is my prayer
Abe Salman If you only own schools saw then was not released film Ied. See are your movie to be a hit.
Salman bhai not see this movie is coming Bajrangi Bhaijaan on comments
Brother Salman You fall down love that passes against Muslims
Salman bhai Masha Allah Are you a good person is a good act to be a good Muslim
Salman Always Kind Heyrtent Kmparjo people Muslim, Hindu car to Hun low thinking on interesting people come Ginn are Year
How Salman by you Mom B. I have the fan
Khan Htalo your name
Wants to talk to you, Brother .too Hu big problem Mae Hukapaki want help
Brother John Hard rock
Nice brother Whatsap number 03101419966 Pause
Hail Salman Khan
Nice pic abdul rashid saleem (salman khan)
BHAI. BHAI... nice pic
Sir you Humnbiing because you pay when until Jayege you May you tell it the way all become millionaires.
Brother God be doing wrong by O Apmuslim have Allho peer Keep your Cryti sleep Hafiz
salman ji aapse apni life me ek baar jaru milna chate hai ..... aapse baat karna chate hai ..... what do you help the people much sleep Thank You for her ....... aapko meri bhi Age should look
Dibn do not know your name Boy
sirji...pls visit to Kanpur oncem...plssss.
Salman realy good daughter
Bahi ke zalak also aalag ..... Ma to salman Superman fan ....
Insan jab tarki karleta hai to wo apne mazhab KO bul jata .hai jab thokar lagti hai use to use apni galti ka ahsas hone lagta hai ..... koch aisy hai salman ki khani mery Kuban I .......
Son Salman Kbis your film flops BE pigs
Pljh period Sallu brother Pljh call +8801719447771 Jai Bangladesh Big Fan
Salman then Hrami O ...... you become Muslim Hoke infidel O .... Brother dog ... kill the front Du Tuje ....
Awake yet everyone?
Love u jend actor wo jo har lock mein sweet beautiful guineas hot sohran lagey osy kehte hain.
The news true until today plus reply ...... Ansar
Were not called upon we should go to Yayege wait
Thu thu thu kuttey ...
Salman khan dest actar bollywood
Handsome is my brother my
Brother, how are you brother you froth level
Friends are i like your every Ada
Salman's brother looks so much better too
very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee and i loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu bhai jaan
Our reception will be
Idyit ... Salman is Muslim ... This fashion show why Krwayakkallah Likkr
What are Kia people who are so bad Comments Hankmje new know.Would you mentioned?
salman khan rock's ss
Merit Oppreshn Maya will Madat the app
very nice
Nice Previous Salman bhai you have to make all the crazy
All brothers, my dear Salman Khan
Brother, I'm a big fan
Mast's book
Hye meri cutey
Hey know we also have a brother killed his younger brother ...
Cell has challenged Muslims that will hit without you
Salman dead after
It would be super super hit once then detain someone
It is impotent
Without the actor's name is it to reduce translation brother logo
Dog's baby
Which speak messy to other people that are here the same
Are trying to say
Bhadra fuckin
Care should we know how to work gallons are Jobless some boys, and are the schools studied B. Low
bhai ur evergreen
Pljh You Be My friends?
Sir, I ask you and meet Salman sir my dream is a Barkpls Nagpur.
Bajrangi bhaijana one.
Akbaruddin Owaisi is a true Muslim and you like Cell Muslims called on stigma O cell pork gross of
Salman Khan fans this faghags
Old Salman Khan
Thy and Salman's character the same chip
Salmon brother I huh your Boooooht acquitted Fan.
Give Clge the Muslman yourself what you know now we look Muslman anything less Nai O
If Muslman be giving Cllange then fill in BRO Movi won by Cavalli why ????????? of Prahlad
That cane is made for me, I went bare
Ghr 8 .... I love Salman ..... challenge too good and challenge giving too good ........
Salman Khan Who Bet said to be in Pakchr with Hero May Uske
Brother you are royal
do not put eyes on
Brother, do not you think that Kareena has too much make sub Movie .. # Salman Khan
Mujhe Shadi Karni Salman Apse Plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Marry Me
Baijan Allah's worship remains you're Bani schools Bani Bajrangi Baijan will definitely hit
Muslims are a ... are playing your people ... two Bdve it did not ...
Singing to Frnshp?
Nice movie bhere Song Brother Brother apaksa bajarangi
Harami kutta sala lanat ho tujpar
Your film will see you now Salman Khan did not
As Sallu Bhai <3
Not the movie to see friends
Chlo new frndz bnate hn
Yo Yo was Chaiye to be Song
Hallo salman sir
John Halo 22
Salman brother Now you get married ...
Brother Salman bhai
Come visit the brothers Kum salamalaya
Your status is what Kbbis we speak lowly Muslims
Salman district Osalamlkm ...
Voice Be the Slok Muj which B were bad saying Allah baking Dekta
Salman Khan heard Sir you saying Pakistan
Salman brother do you read these comments or reply or not?
Queue to be ..... Salman Khan became the first Shahrukh
Wrong thing you do not give up the Ovisi against Muslims ..... wrong Q Bola ...?
Best Who in the world is programmed just listen to programming just the heart of our warriors Q
Beggar, I'd come to take Jkte charity Fitr Hey
Salman's brother
Your Salman was very big friends Hu
If something wrong with your heart do not understand the region not to phone in case what relationship
Good Morning bhaijana
Fault is you're doing and punishment to get me
SALMAN khan KI maaki chit uski maaki chutme modi KA lawda saala harami KI janwaad naaliya kholia KI paidaas uski bahen KI naak me ganpati KA land WO chinaal Randi maadarchod hai
Love love love
Yes BRO fast so I Rahkta
Bloody No 1 ...... which was not your religion micro does not love anyone here not people Kkkjo no religion ...... say micro anyone does not love
I'm so good you do not look as good as you do not pretend to love you like Jhute
Were not you love me, nor do now sari not do so would be so not phone and do not only get a false deceitful deceitful you
Sales in the drama forgotten all say that something not all were for the camera
Vidya gupta pagal ho gai h kay,. ,,.,.
I have Muslim point of pride.
Hi Salman cheese love the pizzas ek bar perceives the piston Karo cheese pizzas pizzas pizzas
The brother of the film should be super Bajrangi Bhaijaan
Naice naice naice ....
That dirty people, he would not change the messy remains According to Picology shall Cant Change Anyones behavior he will act!
You love <3 <3 <3
Salman Y plus singing began boss boss your fear Rkykkwai app ..
Oye Why do big things Karra same ...... crazy ...
Asslamu alaykum Salman Knhun you want fans to have a Hajj or Umrah come by. Insha Allah difficulties of your life easy Hojaye. Amen.
Salman c pljha Please reply if it would have been masga
I do not know what you are looking msg or not
On the Hu Salman so much love c These pages have them, the more comments for this come to be his number one fan in the know them
G. Love You, I Love You So Much mittumulunu saliman Khan ... mumuahh
You're made of how the soil there is you talking with 3.5 saying the same thing the same thing 35 years you no matter
Surrey way was crooked wrote in my price choose up to choose who you might be right, but not
He Twitter on painting you Kia was cool
Dog is neither Muslim nor Hindu
To Nhi Nhi Thॅnks Nhi 3 logo and tell
But Salman brother you do not want to marry Q
They fall Samal Nai
Who will sari of Bolhta will not sari Kkmeri and Salman 2016 Kkaktubr Kkfrst Week :) :)
John Mako speaking answer you have any problem may not want your God
Dying to be people who are jealous of me is jealous of my Brmini be their destruction
Salman handsome king
Me any doubt any Hmjhade to be a shock to my village
Salman fans Addme <3
Who send me rake I let my Nr him Promise
Salman Khan Bollywood RSS and BJP's new dog
Siddhi Vinayak Ganesh Jai Huuu
Leave the dog bastard Mother Bigrit Salman if interesting find Jai your mother sister a Krdunga
Salman Khan c Ksy you put names that tech firearms ha dead msg but he is fine movie on Eid c stroke
You are the one which brings smile to my face
Hi Sllumia Eid Mubarak
Can Salman got my family Boht Sharif is we Nai in Ijhet dust of their parents in order Ayashi with a your snow
salmaan khan tumhare naam k pichey khan accha nahi lagtahai hata de muslaman ke naam ko jo itna hi bura kagta hai islamic dharm to abhi chod de zarurat nahi hai tumhari islaam ko
For the sale Toh I kept speaking Already now
I just have a prayer once I get my Baijan
Was Lakshmi will parents Arti morning time Hi G
Who will listen to everyone's alley now
I love ... I love Salman and Salman
Currently Nokdijiye send photos of Whatsapp is
Let you create a movie as the story of my village ...
tell me one thing
Allah give you success from all sides
Hello Brother Salman report.
Salman left if you state on Comments Yes Pljh Aँs B. Dunn you through the how and fasting Ksy.
Hi salman i'm sameer baloch in balochistan i'm biggggg fan of you
Was very messy msg
bajrangi veer son dal de
loveu tooooo ur vey handsam
This is Surrey formula and short cut is not everything axle and corals have to remember that
The question has many answers when will
So long speech which some are just Atta 2 Word say they heard little difference Hotta ........ Sekho I love you Sllu ??
The fan will Salman bhai you
Rfta rfta dakho akh mari kadi h akh jisa lgi mera samna vo khda h i love you salman ji ???????????
Just brothers seem to 24-25 you.
Hello sir, how are Pljh reply give Dou today Pljh head
Sir Orissa pay poet Lao Nkpljh ...
Quickly tell you brother
Every people ready to Baijan Kolkata ..... form once Kolkatame Ajao
Aslma alikum bhai jaan
They make all record-breaking O
Bollywood king my bro salman khan
Bajarangi todegi all records brother Salman's brother jiii
Salman will we meet you
Brothers John Apse was a request .... Once the chance to dance your dance functions Toh .... They completed the biggest dream of my life
You live White Boy
Let everyone help in Ramadan you why he came to the
AB 350 cr say,
Be prepared to have long, so come early!
Salman G. We will definitely have your teaser and 17th July in Cinema Bajrangi Bhaijaan ... I love you Salman G.
Yes brothers formed the party tonight
Some reply please Salman brother .. now immediately ......
Ha brother when ready to Ptiy
Without Eid whether Salman Khan movie Flopkkakshy Kumar movie when it hits released ..
Yessss my cuteee salman
Salman bhai you have to worry to your movie we hit
bhai plzzzzz apni movie 27 ramzan ko release na kiya kro. Its My request Q of 27 and passed (Holy Night of Ramadan) ko shbe kadr hoti he. sare muslman ibadat krty he. Up B not be Muslim. #Beidargslmnkn #bbthiseid #ajkiprty #bjrangibajn
Iftar party Ajao my side
Aap log bahot amir he aapke liye party karna aam baat he par un logo ka kya Jo aapna ilaj bhi nahi karva sakhte jese ke meri friend use apki help chahiye aor aap party kar rahe he aap uski khuch madad karde pliz
Eid after the brother party, they all with Bajrangi Bhaijaan movie by TV Movie
To hey Reply Salman sir, if my comment Pdma Pljhghjh once
What man is a Muslim brother Salman brother Q angry Salman bhai cool person is
Before fasting take place then to celebrate Eid ...
Of course when you are on the net search O Bajrangi Bhaijaan to be your songs. ..
Why do not you'd Per you Bolaa and we did not, we did a c
No party betrayals of nation we
Licking Salman Diwania me once Krlo Pljhgh ......
Sory main nhe aasg t main pakistan main ho???
Movie Flops we Trfse all you brothers Mmubarkh
He's not somebody in the middle of the bat out of 1 in 1 out of sbiyato
Unki party so that we can not do on Ready For Invitation just for the brothers and sisters .........
No Way ... to be completed after the prayer of the month of Ramadan will see the movie such Id where read Hanuman Chalisa ....
Hriâ € Žj'Å'v Wâ € ¹wâ € â € ~ ¤ Ready brother for today's party
I do not do this movie Dekuga Salman every movie observed But they do not see
Any app look up the app girl will be Fdda
It's V-speaking schools you call and we did not # Baijan
Give Big Brother party and may Ase not come as little brother party ever # Salu Bhai (Bajrangi Bhaijaan)
Brother our luck we could party with you
nar ja kutte
You can fade not Hereafter is a Mslman to consider it before the hearing so real Slmankn
Lovely sallu bhai ne
Brother iftar Frti what?
How gladly Ready Jose brothers wedding party tent
Error you'll see movie of Kish when the Huh go without my movies Muslims have said is
Today the party brother on behalf of the
Whose party brainless rude
Salman now Hindu Bngya O Byu a movie Dkne to Nhi
Prepare oneself
Bio news rumored to challenge the O Muslims
Super Dupr flop ... Inshallah vile Salman Khan you ..?
We might have drawn level just delay to keep your Tsrif.
Tumasalahindu.
When the dog's coat will be no one true Muslim
Happened brother was Hoooo party today
Aja W of Muller talking to your father Tare mother desert Bhogda fuckin dog
I prepared in janaba
Teri Party anointed baab ko de layak
Have little to
In my understanding I Kri what in by Nhi
Khan says Salman Khan, heart yearning State Baijan
Brother killed his Bola airmen comment ... Eid Mubarak
His party to whom Brother
Pak mei KB hogi party with salman:(
Salman brother parties Pljh the movie press Songs
Salman is both my Fvurite this Hanuman and Salman will hit super this movie hit
Who gladly I give the party have told her if you read all the comments made a reply
Said Ha brother party are in the Timing: A party cone place and are coming angle party
Brother thought The song was not good enough But Nick Song
Fuckin dog to your viewing angle Movi bastard
Salman's brother-in-law Hi Slamkye Eid bajrangbali your hit Hail.
very very very very very nice
Eid Mubarak Bjranj Bahja
love you salman
Song brother ask yesa phadu
Brother I'm So Sad Interestingly get song on the site Neh how Sunu it with Rhma
Osm party Salman bhai Your Gift
Any Muslim can not see a picture of this
Mast schools brother a No 1.
Ek bAat apki achchi nhi lgI ... #slmn_bai ... mekO pTa h aP bZy h bt vO bAat apKo ptA nhi chl paegi jab tak aP mekO cntct nhi krenge m apni bAat v clear nhi ​​kr paunga
Ramadan and Eid are very happy Mr. Love scheme
These views by getting hit Muslims without Sir says
Ramadan also happy Slu ..
Lubbbbb uuuu sallllluuuu
Isski film God will pronounce flopped and further that he made you all did and know that, Taseer prayers Salman Muslims
Shall Jhnmi ,,,. Hate shall ,, go time improvement is ,,,
Nice Bajrangi brother. ..
All Muslim effluent from Gujaris schools to pray YES Ramadan Yeto schools that follow year new Ramadan
Allah's name Behurmti of You Salman
Art Dzzal Salman Khan
Jai Jai Bajrang Bali Sallu Bhai a number
Great Song!
Allah put your Hveja peace mom
Brother is moving so burning good Achcon O .........
Mr. Love shall Salman Waiki Always written Vajnkkhuda shall always be with you ..
Yes, boss, I might have can not know your movie to tell Hu getting kind of Behtab for Dekne <3
Salman band should be ringing this time
Yes it should Movie calm B. Smith look Bjrng Baijan off flop film
Direct Salman cell not seen any Muslim to Bola to Boht pride Ayi Muslims will do my film Bolke Bola
Therefore Salman dog movie, do not look any Muslim
Peace brother Admbark life.
Hot Sal holiday I m Dom hardships Committee
Nice brother I will definitely
U Special Song 4 Id ..... That party by my side
Initial bloody Sala Bhosrdi the body was not something Gart name is Ray Tujme
Alia what Jain has seen anyone ??
Salman is the last really be a blot on Muslims so if Muslim name
YES YES YES you guys are right Bolre
Dektha Russian movie How will release
Shut down humiliated you are not a Muslim and you are a true *** Tia female **** D
His mother fucking two Salman
The indictment named Sala Muslims this law, you have what is done to the Muslim and who you are going to burn it
Kutty shy when you register humiliated man
They have no faith in religion
Nk bastard people say something not misunderstand your life Jnd Krdunga against Bhosdiwale brother
You infidel
Year why are Tukwa your Maiya it .. go cell Cutiye part .. ni sang ** Nd will footer
Fear Firlः of Tume Salman Idar fun die so craved torturing Take Hereafter
These Bhosdiwale escape with not just puppy of Nk bastard cell pork
What is Eid party in the case Milu brother
Boht Acha Song: A brother know you're smart Boht Jayda.
Bahja Eid Mubarak
thanks a lot sallu
Thief mofo Salman
Nobody sees dress your Movia
Hindu-Muslim names on money earning Salman Khan .. Shame ..
Brother will not give a gift of Eid
If true Muslim Eid do not look at the film of this dog.
This is the right time when will our faith tried
Children of infidel I do not see your Movi ....
Anyway son we just made work just to come here or else we were often the same
Salman bhai is coming to me
Vâ € |ise tu boli nai ki hai kaha se
You will also judge. Here he Honga. . Inshalha
Evening Salman shall Nai
Alisha Sllu including Stop dreaming Ni were coming
And also Indian'm angle O Ye who mistreat Muslims and says Muslims themselves is Jahil
Stop in to the bathroom with Cutye Ray
sallu is bst
Ready Brother
Salman Mujhhe should answer my question we mean when you angle Aker thou Muslim schools not most Reply
Vile Muslims how to Bola before you see yourself where today because of Musmano. Gives Sngakhmko threat who would like to see the sari movie
VAT will
Ap sache wale being human ho bus apki yahi bt sabse Alag h ... ap Surat se kuch Jada smart nhi PR dil se ess pure Bollywood m sundar ho .... saf pakk dil h apke pass Jo etni dou
Agar ek Muslim hoker iman ke saath gaddari kartha hai use support karnewala usse bada kuffar koyee nahi .pahale unku dawath do jo us darinda ko support kartha ho kaho ki Islam kya
Love self you do not understand
Just Iswriy colonial Utr get the policy is called thee
You heart you know Hakkmera Salman
Programmed to patrol the making Hindus a child Muslim Lant you pay
Your party you God for our Happy enough schools
I want to come true to what Bajrangi Bhaijaan movie flop
Bajrangi movie flop Hogi Salman. I ma sister went Saalaa Chotia
Abki thing Bajrangi 800 S. Baijan (e)
awesome song bhaijaan...
S, Love asked bhayijan ...
Sir did Vada your whom Session
Damn be Bajrangi Lanti Salman Satan
We should party
flop movie kutta salman
Yes I'm Ready shall look so Hॅndsm God you saved from the evil eye
Salman will be Brkt then Alha Kkjo Tme deform said are his Grme Jurjate (Thats means denying bastard) OK
Eid when? The day Salman film is released.
She might have Haiii
Ied is pray to Salman Gkkhuda Mubarak, like your these movies are also a big hit, your last Movis.
Speak to everyone in your movie Jai Siya Ram then Id Mnegi good ...
None Like Brother I Fan of life Superman brother.
Eid Salman deliver its Maiya
All know Salman Khan.
Do not think that you will not Fnna when the care they give false
Ha brother Hats
my sallu bro always mindblowing salam sallu bhai
iss bar eid ki party bhai ki tarf se ...........
To the reply Pljh you big tax brother would come Miss Boss
Salman Khan your movie will flop you are not Muslim, you infidel schools
I dont Wary Always Be Happy Insalhatla you the movie will film making in more box office than all
Amjngggggg Baijan .... Love Uuuuh take a few Mai Toh 1st Day 1 show Jauँga ....
Salman Khan is a good Enshn my brother
Now what are stretched hand begging on Eid
Eid Mubarak in advance bhaijana
Party to tab hogi jab life mein pretty hogi and pretty life hogi and pretty hi my beloved wife hogi
kamina salman yehi bolna chare ho na maqsood bhai
Pirty symptoms, you'd have with a boss
Ramadan and Eid Mubbark be Salman bhai 8863960135 I have to wait
We are always ready .... just delayed your arrival ....... ;-)
salman khan yes
You poets come in our Orissa
Salman bhai I'm a big fan of you I love you a lot.
i love you salman ji main aapka bahut bada fan hon sir mujhe aap par pora brosha hai aap mujhe back msg karo ge main aap se jab melunga na main apko acting dekhaoonga
sallu bhai ilove you
Brother festival then the brother he not by us
Salman means you're shameless first name Janlo PIR went cherish
Otherwise you Karnh and Vasbi Eid is not just a few days later
Sir me apka big big fan hu mujy apse call pe bt karni hai ek bar sir mera contact num 03356507139 Skype Ikdi Abdulkrehman673l plzzzz contact Meabdulkrehmnkshbto
Brother logo religion Humane do follow him
This time BJP dog Muslim on the spot Eid a day where Be ye die fighting dog will be shove Gusu in sales of home
Who said dog
That's like everybody we fought and you guys are the same
Ashu Singh Did you know
Ashu Year just do it. . .
Fk ????? ...... agar bhagwan ko pujne ke liye ek chhoti si murti ki jarurat ni hai to tum bahanchod hizdo ko itne bade maszid ki kya jarurat hoti hai DHILE LAND KI PAIDAISHO ???
Abdul Rahim brother its not understand Ayga issues Bhat fuckin manners then crying on the stand not only an understanding of it
Ashu Singh would you seven Hova you Haaaaa in Temple logo
Bhupinder Singh Panwar Now you're Mojasai Q five of I angle
Man Ashu last be substantially exceeded. Pljh BS No. Year. . Kitna Do not Nonsense
Ashu Singh you talk us Arhi not society
Yet so great once you ??????? in Ludo logo Loose the sudden ????
@ Bhupendra Panwar ... thou Pakistan Why did not for a 5 year ..?
Abe Pakistan be your dog if Hindi is also true new
And get comments from Tttuo every hire that happens every Salman Khan Muslims
It shall mean the Muslim man to every evil deed are great Thinking: A brother My Middle Finger Slute scheme
And who should run snapped secretly he is the child's real eunuchs Ashu Bulldog
Sonya Khan is a Muslim eunuch it your gender new address
Sonya You're a boy or a girl tell a quick job level you
Muslims ever wise Ni forward always attack from behind like Hijdo, see the Pakistan Muslim Hijdo country Hhhhhhh
Bhupinder Singh Panwar eunuch is Muslim
Bhupinder BRO is're right, it's big Ctia I saw not on your life bloody No 1
Advance Eid mubarak
Today is Eid party, Salman's brother is party
After last I can Lelugi for your
Gracy Singh and Salman Khan pair i want to see a
And all what is Clra
love uuuu shalluuuu
Report E Heart Bajrangi brother. Salman ..
You know my brother calls Pljh 1 bar or msg ye lied so you do not have likes or comments you read.
Received bastard is not Dekna mov its pimp
Think about the first one to say the bastard.
Salman Khan Bajrangi dog mother Aloda Benchod
E Think global app will read Pljhgh May Apps meet sixth Hu
Any fan of my bigger Sallu is constant film that will see the first show there in add
After'll look further up to you how long the show ,?
Brother are going to look not film the dog why not take your money Haram place
Hanji Paji Chia r Oh Jooba
Brother I have to act with your brother, I'll do your homework brother took me to Mumbai's brother Pljh brother
You tell Pljh did I msg please
Have to know the entire Bcio of what looked like pics
I am ready to see the rear come Salman bhai
Salman sir ...... He himself said that you do not ever reply to sleep ..... do every Kmments own Reed
love uuu shallluuuuu
In so Love Sllu come which measures make nothing to Avi for the said
Maat Dekho Salman Ke Bajrange Bhai Jaan Movies 2? Salman khan is not a muslim he is a hindu becous Allah sey SAAB SE BAA GUNAA HAIN SHIRK TO Salman kahn shirk kar raha hain 3 KURAN KA farman haain saab se bara gunaa Shirk hain
We have to speak to speak about this bastard Salman lot Shri Heat Salman Khan
Do you promise me add Salman brother
My brother lives Salman Ilove You
Brother Mae Tho ready
Brother I'd Manege brother willing Since when were fast today
What Friends
I followed the giving so many sacrifice Even if I wrong
Have you ever been not with the May finally be wrong went Congress
Are you sure that your promises anyway, I'm sure your promises
The safest neighborhood you
Very Explosion Song Waokkparti last night Friday night and the party is to kick this party Mahi on your side ...
It jumped the Muslim is the movie there. Do not watch if you're all Muslim Nhi to look
Sallu Bhai Rocks
Bhai jaan k se hai ap ghar wale k se hai ya film bajrangi bhaijaan qameebi ho gayi mujhe ko i d me add krna ha apko Ramzan ap sub ko Mubarak ho. Saad Khan pakistan Karachi.
Brother Boht cool just to be Eid place today Thaid of Prty my Trfsskt ..... Jai Hoooo brother
Very dear brothers and congratulations all good Kamnaankhe we people in your upcoming Flim
I am a fan since his brother's arm ....... g ... ...
Tyayr, Hay asked bhayijan
Beans 2 shall brother
Nice Song Today's track me
Insha-Allah Surrey record tarogi
You also happy
Now you down, anal, handsome etc bolke kya faida .... Ei sab bohot chota word hai ap k liye ..... ap mera fav actres ho pls Cl me on this nmbr .... 919593871431 ... << <>>> if you can .. Fls ... '
Nobody likes nor does it show up on your film off
Salman said Good. Film Bjrahgi Baijan Oldbsit Welcome
ABA The photographer bit gtk photo mother pull LA so i Sala Q Terra comes 2 desert c Chitia bit L'your father photography ...
Eid Mubarak brother in advance
Salman khan am excited 4 ur n3w film #bjrangi #bajn .....................
Gulmira what they wrote. . . .
Salam brother that does not work
Brother you all the home and do not have to do with Islam black Dppa the name of Islam you
Be solved Yes Salman Bai
khuni saale chal jail ja
Eid Muslim grows
Salman Bajrangi Bhaijaan
Brother Abke to party all ready friends? ... !!
Party pie eating Hoygi brother
And Allah is the khabisa movie flop
Eid know Happy brother Advance I Aiti's Imrgnsi Pljh
Our Duwa you with O Bhijan we can do anything for you, O
Today from the party brother
Film release also Hogiapaki the party brothers not to take Jaagitenshn across Hogior even your bag all the best you Habis u all with a
Salman brother You're my favorite
Dukkar h salman suwar kahi ka
Dead. Salman Nowadays you you surf come 8 thousand comments Oh in the stars circle
bhai jan kya baaaat haiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii.
Today's Iftar party Invition by my side Baijan with the whole family
Party with salman & bebo kon miss krega
He brother
He said so far hit Awesome picture of Sallu Bhai
Man brother right then and there can not be born I love you brother
Hai Salman Eid Mubarak
Your recruitment recruitment recruitment am very big fan of Pakistan
Is this feast for the poor and Ytimo
@lwayz ready 4 uh salman sir....
Yahi is a big party you Taraf
Id Mumbar be you ..
Today's party Salman brother by my side
free free beautiful song. ..
Selfie le beta jb marja0ge jb Qaber m ja0ge tb Allah tje dakhega ghtya h0 tm really
Brother Ied Mubarkh
It is too good. Today's party by my side, all speak came from the panel. Nice
How is brother you good Rhiyega we will trade otherwise you know
That I love Bhuuuuuut you get Bee Salman
Salman Khan your mother's pussy and your sister cockscomb
Who will Dekle of makeup without lying behind Budeh.
Brother any man or slogan for your movie will hit
Baijan Eid Mubarak do you love
Bhaijana tumara phone nomabara of caie Dr. Eid Mubarak's speech
Hats Lkum brother lives Ramadan Happy you
Such need gay
chicken song iw awesome bhai
Why brother why not sleep to tomorrow today ...
nahi wowwwwww omg aaj kyu ............ love u salman
The thing is you brother ....
I was going so far as not having to somewhere tomorrow ... That will
We will wait
Sallu you know are also schools that you feel is tremendous in this Red pathani shirt .... shall die chick for you then ... Ummmmaःhhh?
You us it said brother Eid party
Lov ew xo much salman
The Baijan As you luck Khokkbest off for Bajrangi brother
super cool cool bro
Super couple Kareena Sallu
oh my god ,i can't believe...... i'll be the........pls be my friend salman...$$$$$$
Super Dupr hit brother ...
Teri clean
Nice Previous Bjrdagi brother
I'm waiting salman bhai
Veer Ji vadia
Mr. Don'ti written Salman Madharchod Randy boy bastard infidel
Civilly Salman G
Surrey Mr. Llull what to 3:30 Toh shall be 2:30 to Facebook
Abe read Cutia ever pray to
Salman I know Muyhhhhhha
For Goodluck brother bajarangi
Muslim people will against Hogye wash it all respect what the Previous
Well I think that I will come missed watching the movie everyone will Relate the film itself
Salman Baijan Eid Mubarak to you
Help you all my help DJ please my friends
Salman So far we are very hurt you were a big fan but no longer Kkkyon of you Muslim brothers Mr. Hate scheme ..
Assalamu alayakuma be bhaijana Eid Mubarak brother and you're man enough acem Good Luck
Welcome * "* '*' * '*' * '* bajrangibhai jaan *' * '*' * '*' * '*" *' * '* superhit movie * "*" * "*' * '*' * : Welcome Fance Party * "* '-' * '-' * '*' * '* Superr *' * '*' * '*' * '*' *: * Duper *" * '*' * '*' * * Best * '*' * '*' * '*' * '*' * "*: Very down *" * * * * * Bajarangi Bhai * "*" * "*" * "* '*' * Bajarangi Bhai * "*" * "*" * '*' * '*' * Bajarangi Bhai * "*" * "*" *: *: * "* hit *" * "*" * "* hit * '*' * '*' * '*' * '*' * hit * '*' * '*' * '*' * super actor & actress *" * "*" Bjrangiba * "*" * " Kren * '*' * '*' * Best * "*" * "*" * "*" * "* Watch Movie Later, Eid-ul-Faittr *" * '*' * with * "*" * " * * Sllu * "*" * '*' * '' Kren * "* '*' * '*' * Bajarangi Bhai Jaan *" * "*" * "* superstar *" * '*' * ': :
Selfi take with brother
Salman Khan sir koi kuch b bole hume koi. Frk nhi pdta. Ye sb ek chal he kisiki bt i lv u sr god bless u hm to dekhege movie or dikhayege b #BBthiseid becouse ye mere salman sir ki movie ka swal hai.
Sultan in the kiska are bhaijana negativity Rolle
Salman Bahja Eid Mubarak.
awxom actor sallu bro
Salman brother against you Horha
They Love You Very Much Baijan (bollywood ke sann india ke jaan sub ke bhaijaan SALMAN KHAN) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Brother Muslim gives to play duty Brother
Nic Song. Also know
What speaks Muslims vile a Bhosrdi
Begaherata erupt khabisa binamosa Kafir your Itni courage of survivors
G Salman Baikbilkul for Rhengekkapake: * :)
My brother may not know you are my super star you
Salman khan rock .
The Muslims I within.And to marry the girl to cook me up 25 wedding 9818463635 Pljh Col Kruga stroke Pljh Col
Jai Shri Ram Jai Shri Ram
The matter Kia Khusur Kia O Salman c which reply Nai Nai to speak to Mj
I want to marry a Muslim girl i only girl in my next 25 Pljh Col 09,818,463,635 from (HP)
Why did Salman bhai
Brother John Nice
Anyone saying anything you get hit
Just Javad Dijye a question you get when me
Bajrangi Bhaijaan will 300 it is my Vada
Fuck actor fuck movie
Masha Allah were rough look
Aap ki new film ka mein besabri se intzar kar raha hu please jab film release hogi to website post kar dena ta jo ham aap ki super duper hit film dowload kar sake
John Okk brother ... :)
Report Lowe's US ,,,,, u ,,,,, E Lykke E. Lowe Down Report Song Yu brother ,,,,,, so sweet handasome Personality
Abe to Bay Jhaandu balm yield angle time for your likes
Did anyone can tell would be India Time 3:30 Pt Uk time ??
Are our Sallu Bhai
You are not Muslims
Heard of Sallu Bhai is no need now to Muslims Freezing Diaz true ???
A true Muslim will he the movie will not brother why it's see if I sleep has Claँge Muslims whose who wish brother
Ok sallu miy
Baijan me to click a picture with you ....... Love shall Baijan .....
Salute you Bahja
Baijan Watsap pay is about you on a walk that lie is Nkpljh reply must
Salman is godfather is bollywood
Mast Brother
Tray parents are made when B did not Ssale,
What guarantee is the answer to all Khuastions can give you will ??? another one might have ???
Aaqib Javed Sultan thou shall didnt thou bloody going Abe You will not bulk from here
Brother when we Bassi occur if you are online ..... Pljh We also think ..... are all free night out.
Salem and you .bjranj Bahja
Facebook jaisa Accha chis me ye sab faltu items kyu ata hai kya pata ????? Dirty Fellow. ..... idiot kahika ...... mu dekh lia bash aj ka din e sala kharap jayega .....
Salam Nadia Khan, Salman Khan Minced
luv u salman muhhhh
Harami Insaan whopper
Excellent asalam asalam struck in the temple by John Boy (Wii)
Salman bhai Pljhghjhghjhghjhghjh to reply my Kant
Hi Sallu .... be Tussi Gar 8 ........
Any views not seen us work out your movie to work out must be
Nic Salman Bai
Brother .... Hum Tumhare Bareme Sab Jaante Haikkkya Question and Answer .... they love you ..... abto bss movie release ho ... usi din jashn hoga .... Eid Mubarak in advance ..........
Brother might have Bolly wood king be "" "" "and you know close of our hearts Love shall brother
Great is great khan salman
What schools ..... brother
Ofrkaurse how Salman thought it ..
sallu bhai .......... ed ki party akele .... hi hmko bhul gye
I Love you salman bhai
Muslim brothers sisters plz salman khan ko unlike karo aor lanat bhejo salman khan pr salman khan hindu higaya hai islo ezzat mat do bezaty karo Allah ki lanat hu is bodhy baba par
sir im upset becaz apki film pakistan mai eid ke ek week bd release ho gi sir ramzan mai sirf allah miyan se apki kushi mangi hai hamari dua qubol ho jaye ap hamesha kamiyab hun.im samaira from pakistan i always woh aye ni and support u.
Bhnchod Sahil rehman Roy. Will snare the father you Tokunga in your inbox
Salman bhai you Folp be played GE
Brother Jakas brother Inslha super hit. ...
Salman Baijan ... you may shoot in New Movie
Yasmin Khan. Mind to get rid jugular No.
Sallu Bhai Your No .... C
True Love so happens that sometimes a matter of can not see tears in his eyes beat so far
And understand her without her saying they
Bajrangi Bhaijaan Eid Mubarak in Advance and be on your movie 450 S. Because .... u Hey Grate and a great hero of Bollywood
What are tomorrow ..... Bi'day gift will happen to me? <3: D
Salman's brother apologized Mglo Abi Time Kruga Bajrangi Bhaijaan hit without Hikkmuslim ... How Do Gee brother ... Your Ferns Group O Muslims
Abe Klnek named after Salman Khan Muslims have no right to live
Let Baijan course my reply
Jai shri ram .......coming sooooon bjrngi bhai jan
I reckoned chuda in Mumbai chorada hyda dhikha If you makada data
Pakistan I hold you guys like recruitment Huh Brother .....
Your film what is not q as we 1st day 1st show Dekni.
Brother these films you will a hit without Muslims. .
Your movie time not running schools Bajrangi from
Be your dog movie sees no bastard
How are you brother
Love shall I Swtauuu ... Muah Muah Muah .. you get the urge ... a moment Milneki Cht in Jindhu the hopes Bnih, and hoping ... is your Lye just you and only you ...
This movie will see a Muslim is not why the This is not a movie running
Sultan Ali Khan r
Salman brother You're amazing
When a new story keen Haklv U Sallu Baikbaijan to.
What time tomorrow?
1 no bhau
We do not like that we enter at Bajrangi
Sir Who let Rply
Salam brother be tightened fast the app for you
Cook is not Prthe is not even reply Brother Hats
Brother you are their lives:
Im waiting bhaijana
U owsum Salman bhai
Baijan you sari film occurs and super. I'll see you in a sari movie I wish I get once you
These bastards What is the status Slamn before me it has as much money as my dog's food so
Brother this time I'd have went to see the Chera me.When 17 came on Iam waiting
Salman do not worry frivolous aura will not matter to your Fan Movie will cool
I thee Muslim te damn
Eid Mubarak to Baijan be Sserkhan would come Brother
Brother no front thy brother shall Su Great brother
Eid Salman Happy G I love you Slmankmi wants to meet you once Hu Salman ge me that wishes percent Salman GEE
Brother-in-law you're amazing
The Fans Kia Pakistan Please also tell brother?
. Salman brother Hafiz Allah by making your life itself are bad
Akela boycott the Avejh you will be able Paka just be not thou
Brother know your movie hit schools ... we shall Inshallah with you
Salman Come home to me Id
Year G are Krrha
Eid Mubarak Lakin Press September Eddi also Chaiye
Hurrrrrrrr Oh Salman Khan thou hast more of your movie
God's work is the main DRAM with sub.
I agree Salman May know you brother, but I say this film is not Draft Kaunki it concerns Muslims
Slmam Khan thou remember your movie will flop
Why show something wrong Movie schools do
Bhaijana ... App tensana Be Free ...
Attired Soriful what Bola Teku him just like the actor to keep in your home
All these Afwa brother do not say no
Mubarak as Mubarak ??
Now let's go to sleep ... Today # deposits are Bailog .... prayers are read
Shahrukh, Gauri is false news that ..... Do not Believe .... he did not say
Just how much of Ask Salman # for Lent
Ahana Khan ignore First Corinthians Will Never Understand ..... Krdenge some say might have started to vilify what we teach Islam
Aur Salman bhai apki hum apka movies nhi dekhne jainge ,,, Q k apnea ussme wahiyaad bhagwan ka chalissa gaya ha jiska wajse Muslim ko sarminda hona padege ,,,,, Pura mehena yani month ,, roza Namaz padne k baad ye sunnege ,, , kya bhai apko koi aur movies nhi mila kya
If Salman Sai then I of unconcealed Bolde at times the media did not do .... Simple ...
Mamu you mine if msg Raceway Play yes or no Mamu Play Good morning.
salman bhai, meri ek frnd hai .......... .... She Lives ...... in ...... Sirsi ..... not ..... Aki. .... Buht ..... Bdi ..... Fan ..... ..... e ..... Dont ..... Knov ..... then ... Kknanbr .... pe ...... it .... reply ..... Nhi ..... to ..... Rhi ...... not ..... guest.She ...... I ...... seriously ..... Lyk ..... that ..... is ...... not ..... I ... .Also .... if ..... my ..... ..... These comments ..... you .... to .... Puhche ..... please ... Kksirf ... you .... well ... if ..... Fab ..... on .... give him .... say ..... ..... HELP in ... .... C .... two N'ti ..... Knov ..... I ..... that ..... writing ..... .... Khu .... he ... right .... is ..... or .... wrong ..... But .... God ... I swear ..... heart .. Kkse ..... not .... Honestly ..... write ..... I ..... i ..... if .... you .... my .. ... help give .... do .... .... .... you .... that .... lie ..... it .... I .... Krudag ..... Plus .... Plus ...... Plss ...... Shrykkbai .... aap soch rhe hoge ki aap mujhe trust kyu kare den pls mera contact
bhaijaan aslam valekum
All go up OK did not your watch Salman for this c OK and she dog is not Muslim is neither Hindu that person is just dog OK Bye Bye
You all film Dekta come, come in person Bjranag killed the man, Jai Bajrang Bali G, you got hit movie name, shall Bhg from, you enemy name,
Sala Khutta Bjrdagi make Hova shy something?
madam slam Salmon
Also .... Salman bhai my self in Mayur and have received little singer and my Rkst you plus me just a chance brother ...... Plllssssss brother to sing for you
Baijan was cross 600.0000000
Nice bhaiYOU ARE THE BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST BEST
Goodness Previous brothers'm your biggest fan in very nice and smart Hokkawr brother
Ramzan Mubarak Ho bhaijana
Masallaha bhaijana supara dupara hit Bajrangi bhaijana
He is brother to learn to look very smart
love salo bhai
You at home
A work began to massage balm Take a clothes then I tave akhe nanamaka ashes as fine hojeyaga faint warm seikha Dr. Kirk back to back insallaha paina
Mdhar Ayld to leave cell dog language mother of Salman Khan
Waugh Mamie formula like you to speak to the House. Will help
Hello to you Happy
Bai save you a life Siriysli to reply if you get a reading that these Sons
Also speaking to a number of King of Bollywood
I'm your daughter feel very very very very big fan
Looks poor getting back took out my Bajrangi also Baijan
Today's party life brother by my side
Balanced in hand Be balanced in hand Be
muhhhhhhhhhhhhh meri jaan .... love u sallu .... <3 <3
Only One hero who live in the heart of all the schools that are Salman brother Bajrangi Bhaijaan are determined to see them running all Dharkn I love Salman bhai
Baijan App Why do promotions so later
You know brother of Bajrangi film
Inshallah brother Bajrangi Bhaijaan Will Hit
Nisre they Sallu
my favorite hero salman khan
It is my hope you're happy
l in salmn
Lion never afraid and my brother Lion Love You Brother
3.30 Pt brother Video Chat will be ready here on all your Question
Baijan my Khuastions ... do you want most what ????
3.30 cant wait........
Sir are you making so Wait Q
Dog dog .... Will your movie flops
Today's party from my side ..
Just one bhaijana
Movie posters Frdege we Saale dog
i love u salman khan iam u r big big fan love u u u u u sooooo much sallu,,i miss u very day
Nice Salman heard
Hey's almost Ankha's almost maps's almost Lips kill swear only gonna?
Salman war and Being Human Love You Bby ..... I love you and nothing ... I love you ??????
pandey ji always super hit mmmuuaaa
India's superheroSALMAN KHAN. N ourJAAN
Halo Salman Baijan I'm a big fan of you I approximately sari Piktures is observed
With a Hmlogo your wrong
Touted at Bolke tomorrow today .. Salman brother did not expect you to
Brother 4 o'clock
What man ... Umidd was a then dream come true to some extent today, however it broke Mr. Pandey hopes ..
Life Bollywood No. HT 1 not only Salman Khan Love shall Salman
Eid Fitr Jakt take when coming
Killing Look bhayijan uph masalllyac
Ask ... you feel so good to his mother and loves his brothers
Baijan you very good man did not understand what she is innocent if you do Bajrangi Baijan Ramadan Eid Mubarak Baijan
How fast the Salman bhai
Hats That Likhun Baijan
Super Dupr hit all Recod break pray to the heart
I heard you Kiynup Hohy Yes No Answer Plus
Masha Allah saved from the evil eye spares like you Lgre Allah you.
Watch infidel film Haram
Salman brother Kisa
Oh sure Sallu rocking do
All of our brother Sallu Bhai
Brother Sombai Bohemia,
Today's Party This Eid by my side
Assla Muvlkum acquiring mind
This will shall not
Or Sallu Bhai
salman khan ilove u wii u married me
Music is not right
asslamu alaikum salman bhai ladhkoyo hnsm Good hne se nt like
Micro brother How will tomorrow
Salman bhai seem thief looks so cool
5:25 gave money
It will not confirm the hit because no Muslim brother sees not the picture
These notified look .... / Ilu VE
What is the matter brother
Bhai cross 700 cr points increase
Nice imeg bro
The Years of Super Dupr film Bajrangi Bhaijaan
Bajrangi Bhaijaan you when you will meet the same birth or the birth Bajrang Bali when want
My Brother My Hero Salman Bihu die are very swears Salman brother but will not lie
Salman bhai read you pray five time
Do not cell infidel Hats ... hello
Find I wish we could get
Super Dupr will hit Bajrangi Bhaijaan This is my prayer.
In May Krungi Super Dupr Hits Jaye for your rear ..
I'd be happy with us, you and your your family ..
ADB ADB my life Msllllah seem so cute my life I Salman
Do not say Salman?
Please do not reply me please Salman G
Also doing weights much time you film Kkkks
Salman if Tun came to me in front of the mother will make your movie Benchod understands Tuँ your Ap Kia ha
I know my Salman
I mean Qurban
Your mother's pussy. Stage.Films is to release sister Acud. Id go.But Kivu. Is coming out
Sister Cockscomb your
Halo Salman Jie, Eid Mubarak
Eddie and I Chahye
Pakistan Why would Salman
Tnx hai jan state visit
Suprb my life Salman Khan
fir bye kyo
Cool car
Baijan Your Song is always a hit
so sweet song
lovely nice song ..salman.
Priyanka Kunwar beautiful beautiful beautiful ! kasto ramrailo gana. Love salman, can't wait to see bhaijaan??
just awesome bonding pawan-munni
Superb Song & Supper-Dupper Hit Movie jb koi nek kaam krne niklta h to khuda bhi uska sath deta h apne to 1 chhoti bachchi ko uske apno s milana chaha isme to sari Kaynat apka sth degi
Amazing to be Mr. Pandey? ? ?
beautiful song ever i fell in luv wit dis song
Which should have come just tell them chat online today went Idar Oky 3: 30 PM
... I think what he's sallura brother tarapha party today ... ??
Waoooooo, soo beautiful
Defense minister Salman Insha Allah will surely help ...
We have also not leave the movie's brother Eid Mubarak brother ....
All went to speak at 3:30 bye
Bhaiii ...greatttt<3<3<3 amazinggg wonderfullll
Wah good video salman bhai 100 like deta ho like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like like Luke
Well do not waste time getting timing ripe Kain
For quite seize brother. You give and we take.
Salman Khan too spesalaya lot ,, ....
Brother to win their heart ... God bless U
God close bridge
She. What to say!
You do Q eating Salman you will be able to hit your pics of Muslmn without
His film very name names on moving to make a hit
Just the name of Salman bhai is quite gets her own movie you Blockbuster
Hllo salman bhai kase h aap
mujhe nhi pta aap fb par hai ya nhi fake id bhi ho sakti hai lekin aap bhaijaan hai or martay dum tak mere bhaijaan he rahenge kyunki mein aapse behad pyar karta hu.
very nice salman bhai beautiful song
Salman Khan's brother, the brother of Salman Nice Nice Very Beautiful Songs H
all song rocking han bahi
Tear brother get torn .... Att method. Sierra acting Kiti travel. Had fun . # Brother's death,
Avesme track. Descended on Kkdil Man
You B Piyray you Gana B drank c M Firm Pakistan
Waoo.salman nice yar
These Bv Jaan love that will hit
Salman ji aapne iss bar koi song nahi gaya mujhe wait tha k iss bar b aap ke lovely voice main koi song gaye ......I love your voice ....hangover is my all time favourite song abe tak main vo song sunte ho I just love that song
Jai Shri Krishna Bhagavan law you should always be happy
how dabangg dabangg dabangg ..... Bajrangi bhaijan
Baijan so good brother very good person is
grat indian army & salman vai.
Pak army alive patchy <3
Brother This is how flying what rumors you have about you Kksc or lie
Do Salman sir you where are Pljh message not me Pljh
Large passes will then ... Infiltrate to .. and eat tablet ..
Sir you bearing the Movies
Not a bad eating what is happening
Mulle saved a Mulle has ...
Was Kashmir India and remain law Pakistanio up
The heart beat that she Pakistan: P
I do not know the maturity Ajate are begging
Jaind of the word Bund matranjai hindabharat ice Grady Indie Love My India: ->
$ @ Bunch of sad! That Josbe who dwells in the heart of India.
Salman Khan Madharchod Randy boy bastard infidel
Similar excuses have also promoted
Humane Nd are loving remembers first
Hindustan why this abuse at my feet Pakistanio you all why Pakistnio by you all Bene is Churi
Let the Indian Army for someone you Chorkwarana gone just in this child even incarceration of terrorist from Pakistan say
strange..but bht acha kia .... realy feeling happy
Love shall brother GE Salman Khan
Such noble hardly great love for our country in their hearts
Will learn sought love, Milk Mango will, of course, that will arch k sought.
I salute the Indian Army ... india before she was to go to escape the Pakistani army will not return ...
Only solved how to Kia Slgira as you do
Hey you people Father Bell
Indian army bad Indian army general ne sari difficult to Ezat lotlya
He has been to share the pics of such a film to that which was to promote
My friends who have your own fan But the people in your movie that Lent is angry with him and Khwali very happy to hear
And by being human that you are able to help so many people
Time met 1 give Rply will be greatly relieved with two hearts
Avesme .... if similar things happen all the country Smjhdar will remain hostility ...... Pljh # Biing_humn
It should Hayle ten years
If I'd pay Prof has become a Bajrangi brother Hovy know May Muslims of Beijti so I may not use Fan Nai creeps Forever,
I love very much, I love you brother and go
I Scheer appears in pictures and General Scheer Sllu Real
Shailli Salman brother chose me to come online Dkte 3:30 pm thee Rply Krenhe: P
You will be Salman Actors or someone else who maintain accounts in the name of Salman Khan and planted his profile photo
Bihar (Patna) when coming to # Bjrngi_baijan promotions.
Brother know you said what he awaits sat us in the morning to arrive at 3: 30.
Baijan I need to work please me, the G-Class
Salman bhai jan aap ne to bahot badi bat bol dali he ki meri film musalmani ke bena hit krke dikhauo ga .... ab aap bol rahe he ki nahi mene esa nahi bola .... To kisne bola kya hua jawab do aap
Also doing weight impatiently for your movie Hu and my ASA that will break Rekd this year ...
Sir Massage is to go to where Sir Massage is where Sir Massage
Sir Massage is to go to where Sir Massage is where Sir Massage is where Sir Massage is where Sir Massage
Looks like that 3:30 Nai was passed era today !!!
3:30 pm Brother So here are going to get video chat to keep up with your Question
per salman g hm aap video chat pe dekhpaenge to aege werna nai her unjan k sath hm chat nahi kersekte
Superb salman bhai
Who will be on the page that Brother is listening
Salman You Better reply! Do not work out here might have paved reply on Twitter read LOL
I am just sitting your page open
These are dog bajrangbali these schools Muslims not you have hated me like infidels such people .....
Daytona also Kami
Mubarakha be Jumma Khan brothers Salman bhai vetinga for Eau ..
Salman G said Hokpljh Ajao
Today's party from Salman
Brother, how can someone tell will matter. Brother .. ????
They also how O Khasit O Movie religion
What actor Sir Ansvers Dan Gay ..
Please someone tell would be asked Salman
Hats will reply you have this page Pai cry Salman Khan online.
Acha are brothers
3.30 What
Some Bto no
See the WHO reply die domineering
Brother-in-law to give me a small role in Dbbang Three
Out film the month of Ramadan is how you will be earned
Hello brother lives. You never know just brother, we know everything is. And my god hi sir. Jay Bajrang Bali ..........
Sure you will read Nsgs level NASA Salman
With a Shyam brother Friday
A. Lowe Bajrangi bhaijana e Salman bhai ..... ....
A brother of India are Salman brother (she also good Vall brother)
Plzzz help me bhai plzz read my comment plzz help me.
Bhai help.me plzzz help.me
In May he went to lose such a crowd
How Sallu BRO ...
Salman first time some type car two
VAT not any more brothers .. come quickly
G thanks to a your run Number gallons
Sab log teyar ho jaye bhai jaan aa rahe he ........ ???????????????????????????????? ?????????????????????? 9 ... 8 .... 7 ..... 6 ...... 5 ..... 4 ..... 3 ...... 2 .....
Hey brother getting a bit early to have time Sully impair sleep O
Hey just rest ten minutes bro ....
My purpose in life is to meet you
Brother know you're anywhere soon will pray back Ajao mah god you come soon brother
Salman Notify me just ask you a case level just a few
If you have a translation in the late A. loses all crazy Jaye will early age ....
Brothers know we're ringing a gift me to do ..... I love you. ....Salman Khan. .....
Hmmm have not their fans to wait Salman so ..
Dalat If the answer to either the diagonal himata books
So do not Trsao early age
Effluent from the first question
I'm very excited... only 3 min remaining
4 mints more
Oh mona jamal kon asa his years he
Dream 4 Bajrangi bhaijana
4 Pt been Salman talk
How Baijan .....
Salman Mr. Vnt ur rear with ur Otografkam Ur Big Fankmay Kustn are you going so what are your Kbubsirti day by day increasing.
Brother 4 will Bjhe
The 30 completed
3:31 to gye g
Are you taking spin the sub?
Brother Where was missing
Know are people so crazy they may receive
Baijan love that love that compliment the App film
Brother that app Bholo you I do Lita get all sides of you speaks brother
Take a walk son take Selfi ....... Hikbaijan
Salman Baijan I have seen you a big fan I detractors sari Piktures almost
Radhe should come Brother ..
Made Jayda msg 100 you head now so Rply two? When the eyes come down to four
Salman bhai ..... What's up
Sir shooting Little Girl with your O once Boo had wept before the shooting on the night in what ??? Pljh reply.
You Bajrangi Bhaijaan I have your name
Some say Salman sir
Brother Eid Mubarak in advance there. Not to be asking you live for thousands of years, God bless war years throughout the year
Asslamualakum Sallu Bhai Jumma be Sallu brother May on Twitter do you Msages Happy
3:44 have ten Hun obtained ??
Assalaam waalaikum bhaijaan ...
Waiting brother .. and how much waiting Krayege
Comes in whose Baijan where John the brother of dog you have a number of Satan ,,,, Eed is Imman to ,, bad ,,,
We Sallu brother with you will V thing
Brother 3:30 to kab ke ho gye .... aap kha ho pls syd aapka ye mgs aana bhagwan b chahte hai ki aap ek bar meri help karo ... pls bhai pls I need ur help pls talk to u pls
7 Means More anymore weight Nai trades Khan Saab less fast
Aslma alikum bhai jaan khan really hero salman khan
What is the brother Jaan where Brother dog art comes in a number of Satan, Eed, Imman to deform,
Sir left early to go all crazy jaye
AJA SHAM HONE AYI .... MOUSAM NE DI ANGRAIIII .... ???? Plz reply me BB ....... LOVE U CHO MUCH ... ???? ...... taktae rah te tujhko sanjh savere .... I love my Big Boss .... Brb
Not coming you may know. Everyone Hhhh
Heyy sallooo ... Do you reply to all these Faans Nkkkab se wait kar rhe h sab ... in Still Waiting. ..20 yrs se yahi kar rhi Hukab i can do .... In Not ur fan ..... E <3 ...: D: D: D. ......
chor sale marja tu kutte haramke suwwar.
4 pm on Sir Salman
Aslam and folk Bahja
Pawan Kumar Chaturvedi Pljh
Brother 3:30 p.m. ...
Sir plz ek baar hmsbko hiiii to boldo sb wait krre h aap bat mt karo i know ki apke pas time nhi h pr sirf ek baar hmsbko hiiii boldo sir hm sb etne me hi khus hojaenge plz ek baar
The safest course of your Salem
Nhi Baat ogee two boldete
Luck Salman Best for like Bajrangi Baijankkhmesha will break even this time all records ... Inshallah
We have prepared
Ks up Njay Prahlad car car .... Mr. Knov Esa Do Ap Guy R ....
4 The rest were ringing, but the party still head he Eid
Brother know you said ... Everything is wet
BB not coming Salman
8 Lay, Please tell Fix team head when Are you guys as Fb
Muja Milla msg Salman brother
Bare hi hi karta Kayse hit film Salman is Kamina
4 Will pum pm. Direct talk with me. This this what Bogg Bosss Sid Ritli
Brothers My Nsm Saaru you Sllu like them
Not come Year Salman's empty place here as
Go talk to your fans Krlo to all Wait schools
Start Abb Toh brother love that time've done !!!!!
Baijan We are Appake VAT plus au
Come soon Salu Baikbai where you got 4 pum ... I'm waiting war Bjrdagi meal ... do you really amazing ...
No one Chutio see Salman Khan Picture Muslmano Bay Care full picture to the flop
You will be so Kmeँts .. you will work out reply B ni ..
love uuuu soooo muchhhhhhhhhhh jannatttttttttt
The busy mind you we Pljh to come together to talk, said agencies Guy You Rajan Happy shall proceed Eid Pljh Bai
Hello My bro asked
We love you Salman bhai <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Brother where
Go to the record before the pece bajarangi brother ....
Brothers comedy. Lavo not ... you have not seen before in Kkutna balanced in hand as much as Hse comedy with Kapil
Salman brother I huh sixth to talk to you Pljhghjhghjhghjhgh brother
Brother people in a generous are you greater ni King of Hearts
Can you hit movie without Muslims demonstrated by running O Bola is not ,,,, ,,,
Salman bhai Rumrs Falri you have said Kraooga movie hit without Muslims That True?
I am here baat nahi karni hai plzzzzzzzzzzz baat kar lo
I know is not going to be too sorry if Hu Bai
Kavi Talk
Free nce sir. <3
Sir a look Kmnt on Rkiye and see how many people you PIR are :)
Salman bhai not find in reality you do ajaya for a salute pray at Ajh low Khuwab
Oh, it Kloi Creep is also doing Eid Open Kia is repeatedly called a
Salman bhai, but you will face Miljao not work out definitely will feel your throat ,, commonsense seem kick my person ,,,
Id pay Arः Hon film look also learn Bajrangi
Arif Khan show on which news channels only Btado
Said Salman Khan
Brothers all over Jks made to see the body and you are becoming obese
Super city salluu
Baijan ... Kwvi Kolkata My Au .. meet your Fjhghghgh ... Already Bnjrngi Baijan Mega ... hit ...
Salman brother went right to know the movie record
You being human, then you Flim hit Honhi which so Logoka Duya.
Literature is literature of rice district.
Insa Allah's blockbuster smoke abiki bar 300 Cross-par Bajrangi bhayijan
No doubt this is not went to film actor brother and records are not
Baijan We are very worried are you someone kidnapped the hearing this Kia Ap Pljh not crawl Once Rpl .... Plus Baijan
Also I have to be in every movie Boht mourning agencies see and do weights movie you
Wasted what people will see will be a movie of this bastard know what Islam
You crazy if Brother Hu encounter the film you first show Dekta come and this year I will exploded onto ....
Bhai love you love you love you love you love you
John Suprp brother
Brother, you might have hit
Bangladesh Meh are you wanting Bala much ..
Never do the Aँs heart of msg c
Love you love you salman bhai
Love shall brother ... shall Su So cute .... all know Salman Khan ......... Anita Parmar
1-no bhai
Your Fen Hu will also consider you the greatest master.
salman bhai sab aapko millna chahty hy but meko aap miloo ya na millo bass duaa dyna our aapke jyis meko bing human trust nikal na hy help me takee our bachho ko help kar sako mai bass duaa millaa
Lllllllloooooooovvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeee youuuu salmaaann GNVQ
When A. When the
Super Dupr hit 22 G
My Kmnt reading members. When the mother left the Bajrangi film to understand to a hi thought it was the Muslims did.
Interpretation go Eid that will meet the same day that the time records rupture previous movies from schools ....... Being Salman Khan? 1000 Krors
Asvlkm Shre Hogye your
I love love u love u love u love u so mach salman khan ek bar mujha apko i love u fac to fac kahna ha
Hey, what was done here. Salman came second Shuta on talking moved by Bay 4: 00 grams
Bajrangi brother's life so super hit because all Muslim brothers will see film Slamn Khan ...
Throughout the ages Keep you make are SE Hash TE and u Movie
What Kahu brother your every Stilepe Josh is, believe it or not all on you girl dying Hakjisko want Do not ever make Bnalo, swear to God.
I pray that the brothers give you the break Recod movie No.
In'm a big fan
Brother, I'm with you ..... do not want to marry the application form ..... Jai Jawan
We pray with you Baijan can give you some Nhiho
Hello hay salman brother ey kaya bola aapne h / m bolo
salman sir apke being human trust ki small cities me bhi requirement hai Kkpls. jitni jyada ho sake utne logo ke madad kejiye .... and BAJRANGI BHAIJAAN Ki JAI HO.
Salman bhai will long wait for your
Salman brother You've come considers you his brother from an early age in my life telling you up no Nai are just once I sister to my two Best Day of My Life
Salman bhai why make a film that publicity is Sethi companions movie Bnave. Your great friend Hu. but. What do they all AWWA spread.
Salman bhai film will hit You must be bay worry
This time And your Taken Jayegi not bother
dekho wo aaa gya ................. fir se ed pr edi lene sbka apna bhaijaan ................
All Aँ all peace a Hamra brother John Salman Khan. Best of luck for the film Slu
I luv sallu
Salman you and you Fmliy my side of Eid Mubarak
love uuu saluuuuuuu
What schools brother
Less Exley brother
Salman bhai Reply Getting to know I have your weight
loveeeeeee uuuuuuu yaar tum hi thak gai reply
Brother Kush Hogye some Hindus have had so annoyed the fans
Sir my desire shall meet you
Salman Baijan. .My big Baikkmuje you any good I do not think. Kkm Who you think your big brother ...
Big Bollywood superstar Bajrangi Bhaijaan Salman Khan
Near Bajrangi with bajrangbali? Put Biswas? Will complete all around ??????? you!
We will die are devout bajrangbali but will not lie Miss U Broi Like You BRO
salman ji aap bahut ache hero ho aur aap k har film dekhne me bahut ache lagte ho aur bhagwan se duwa karta hu ki aap k bhajrangi bhaijan india k liy sabse bada film hoga aap k liy i miss you salman ji ,,,,,, ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
aap ki aane wali film bajrangi bhaijaan suuuuuupppppppeeeeeee rrrrrrrrrr hit ho
We will not lie to them devout bajrangbali die
Salam malikkum bhai jaan
Boht gtk ha you well connected to Ramadan the
About Me comes to heart so do not think i do not understand
salman sir plzzzz sir madat kro sir mai 4saal se aapka number dhoond raha hu sir plzz madat kro mere parivar ko aapki jarurat hai salman sir plzzzz sir .... This is my No ... the ... 7355458113
Wonderful Mia Salley
Always brother not worth the telling you brother Bola
Will Hung sales of two blockbuster. You live for thousands of years.
And fault I is not no love for you is no longer plead for not getting you happened May so you do not matter
Brother Kkkb Bajen Gay 3:30
Brilliant jeene i m muslim from pakistan janab pakistan buri jagah nae jo ap yahan a nae skty ........ m bula nae rae bta rae hun ana howa to most welcome mery colg m b aiya gaaaa
Khan Salman Chahe Tera Dad Musalman Hai Chahe Teri Mom Hindu Hai Chahe Tu Barti Hai Chahe Tu Koibi Kisi Bi Chokath Ka Kuta Kuta Kuta Hai Hai Hai Salman Khan Tune Allah Ke Name Ko Istara Behudmi Nahi Karni Chahie Thi ........
1 whether 2 Krik Bajrangi Bhaijaan Pdgya all acquitted
I love you I would my life have co love that Pier
Your pose cool movie lives exclusive pose brother with Children
hi sir kesey hai aap n aap ki famliy i hope aap n aap ki famliy sab theek hon gey god blees u n best of luck for ur film bajrangi bhaijan super hit film this year .......
Nice line Bhai
Salman the ghost of Sir Pakri channel
Here's all mental .. OK Hang lovers
After many days Bdu secretary Deku Rhhu in the face.
The most precious thing recognized is quite
Dog so the dog would not you Salman thou 1 broker
Brother could break your these movies strongman Record
Brother to the movie strongman will break the record?
If you get my will to do so
Bajrangi bhaijana this avasome
Assalamualaikum salman sir
phle to timing 3:30pm thi
Gallons told her 3:30 :(
Brother Pljhghghgh come quickly
Hha vivid wifi ni hai
Salman You said 3:30
The half-hour increases
Do not talk might have just the right! Not work out again busy in the trailer Bajrangi Bhaijaan be :)
Sallu Brother nobody to Rply and we have to have Sallu Bhai Sallu Bhai such as Bevkufo
How do message to Sir Pljh inbox Hats Sir
In the oak .... but how are not Salman bhai ... fun
3:30 the time tha
Bhaijana Waiting 4 U Come early on FB
Once Salman brother commitment Krdi Then they hear a Kksr T so wrong level last session Wet embroidered
Brother's vote
helo bAi kesahe up
Brother brother ....... Love shall brother .....
Says that Salman brother never lie
Brother ....... RA 4 not at ....... 3:30 in my car neither .....
sir hamare ider 11; 30 am ho gaye jub aap aao gaye mein baat nai kar saku gi plz mera messages per abi baat karo chote kp nursery se laana hoga mujhe mein london mein rehti hu plz sir reply de dou
As you wish
Give msg's talk .. # Salman Khan
Plus, do not lay down more than 4 Pt to Salman Khan
Ong and 30 minutes ..
The two won my
You do not you marry Katrina ...? Sallu Mia
AAH Salman aaj 4 bje khana benana he kel ka time rekhlo dear subha 11 ka aaj nai posible plz try to understand
Brother Salman Khan My Class: 4 PM said his first 3 :(
His uttered 3:30 A. Now 4 PM: '(
See Baba
Eating will gallons
Inbox Mom Talk Sllu
bhai 3:30 tha time to
Brother made a commitment 3:30 PM come so Q brother fun car to be
Sir, Middel class so Postiv said to talking with you Vokkdriaekt ... Salman sir.
Bajrangi bhaijana Mein be truly protected if someone ????
Array pic toh change kar do Yeh 3:30 wali
Well brother as you speak
Do gallons us eat so team that these people
Brother eating Salman speaking not lie I have Seated ye owl in Delhi
Just Qiu Salman
Jhadardast Pljh soon Epic this time gone
Okekbai lots Khuastions to me ...
Dear friends ....... you do one thing ........ 4 pm the same thing
OK Kkchahe when you speak
We Whit then 17
Sallu Bhai my very Fan
Really I did not see a dream dear Salman: P
Salman khan is 3.30 sir
Salman bhai Pljhghjh Pakistan you must have income recruited cool welcome you Pljhjhghjhgh Bii
Hii Sallu Bhai .. .How Hkkbaijan ... You have done wonders in the Bollywood industry. .
Legs What we have in Pljhghjh can talk Sai Pljh Tell? Z? Jhjhghjhghjhgh? Jhjh
Luvvv in luvvv in luvvv in
Salman bhai Still Waiting is 3:30
I can't wait plze cmon move fast bhaijaan
Night of 12 Bje B will Sl ... then you come right
Asslamalaikum shake bhai
You talked us :-) ;-): D with all
How are you, sir?
Sir you Lucknow when the Arhe
These were what Sir Speak Pljh
Asslamuelkun Bia know we trade you to the fans
Once commitment Krdi 4: 00 PM again Someone Nhi Sunnte :)
John Love shall brother
Tama Who? Asaduddin Owaisi Honor showed the Tmahri status .. Just B Tmko understand not come
What Salman bhai ... now I have to talk to you brought 6 Uti jobs will 4 pm ..
Brother all work came to be dealt 3:30 You gallons and now you Pt 4 .. Let there no longer wait for 4 o'clock are :-)
Amazing to be Bjrdagi brother waited so ;-)
Brother, why should ni your real name you a question you have your one movie to date
We have 2 AM for and 8 I
Amazing to be Salman G
I'm so excited salman bhai
# Today # All # Superhits moved Filmkdekne # Bbthisid # Suprdupr film
Brother to talk only with me
You tell it that you Lucknow why not come
Just not Bajrangi Bhaijaan. .
# 4 pm will Aaj party now Bakikwao
Baijan said
Direct beggars ..... what he said was you I have Muslim New Nai Abe need for Muslims to thy brother likes the Nai
Mohammad Anees Brother Ovsi Always Rung man and Muslim and Hindu Both one comes RAM on all Ramadan festival in May Ali
Kum hansalama amenities .... Brother ....! Ramadan Mubarak ......! Bajrangi bhaijana ....!
Help me bhai plzz help me
Simply wishes to give you a Inshallah that life is God's full Krdega Inshallah ...
You Whtsp No. Will give two Uspe thing .....
Apase liphe have met once in jayatoo liphe will be successful in this
Removing a Knfusion gallons when a car if possible ..
Ok brother, I'll talk to you much details matter
What say? In the Chati be Apsy love that whole thing
Today's Trfse the husband's brother
Sage will continue to make us feel just wait
I have a very big fan Who do you help a thing to me is my first help Krdena brother Pljh brother of all passenger Miss scheme brother
You know i do how much ethnic in Nhi huh
Brother to pay pljha No Wrong simanta
One day you're in was coming cyclist from his village. In'm just Julwania sir.
Brother let it go after a Frikh work before you
If time met me talking Kenna ...
Salman live your favorite song which one Bajrangi Bhaijaan movie ?????
Abe dog who will speak to you
Sallu report, Jumma Mubarak
What will you do with the brother have changed so only survived answered Yet thanks for Massage
Now it also limits the patient how long to wait
Ahhhhhh not I do get get you plus gold once I you like to talk to you to see your face :-( :-( :-(: '(
Brothers there have nothing else us different from saying about you to our brother Allah movie Super pronounce Jumma Mubarak brother Khuda Hafiz
Salu Bhai Pljh Skta not India in Pak Ajao: D
Mind or dill thing ......?
Of course will Jrut been .... You fan who ..
Quickly Come Year Slluuuu We're able to from when they wet
Met when we remember or forget
tic toc ..tic toc ... yaar ye time kyu nahi ja raha ..
Sir how to know how you'll be online to talk to you
7,600th like :)
Sometimes you come into my heart
You also learn to do just a question
What is the name of the fans of Salman bhai Evening brother today
What was said 3:30
Hiiiii, kya yeh dream hai?
What made the evening
App waiting Menkklv shall brother
Koi kitana bhi virodh kare hum movie Dekhenge ... because hame pata hai ki salman sir sab dharmo ko manate hai support karte hai aur koi galat kam nahi kar sakte ... love u salman sir
Assumes you will not Kdil thing.
In Baijan I'm big fan of Urkbeja I perform I try to do Acha work as I perform follow and comprehensive.
Salman's brother did not O kept Lent? The Ramjha
4 pm toh ho gaya abhi taak ...........! :(
Aslam Mubarak is great you pray ... Darling
Brother Bajrangi be Hmlogo be Janpp Baijan
Brother John Jay bajrangbali your movie must be blockbuster
A. Sir, I love you, sir, what is the go-byte karenge Ganapati father went to bajarangibhai
Brother are coming Mesj on Whatspp your film is that Meg is right
Bhai pata nhi apku ye msg mile ya na mile par Kuch dino se apka dimag kharab hogaya h lagta ap ab do nao me sawaar hone ki koshish karrahe h behter yahi hoga k shahrukh, Amir possession ye believe on bye
All speak the same May your very big fan Lacona not your fan Your Land Hun Pljh Jjht 1 response Like Kmnt some persons have a handlebar dead name Speak simply because they are quite
Mr. Wish I Wish These should be completed ....
Brother John Hats Lkum you have time
OK, I'll wait for you just true Salman Khan loses so surely tell you how ..... :) Dil Chahta you see ???
May 2 Year first came to Mumbai could not see very But the Kosice you
How do you Papa sorry we Sogye were raised now are not while Krdi We did But no matter now that we have both of course.
If you my comments in reply will be the same figure Jauga my comments to reply to you salute your love all over Pakistan and Dua gave
Did Pakistan C Cc Behja not know you had or not
My mother you miss Brother
What would be the right
Bhai aapko sabke comment mile honge par mai ye aapse kahna chahta hu ki aap eid par mere ghar aaao or sewainya kha lo or ek bahut jaruri baat aapko batana h mujhe aapke reply ka wait rahega
3:30 p Kyon need
Brother us to do things on Jumma Mubarak and I do not see is your movie before now Jauँga because you Fb
My Chanda fast car.
Cheers Matt Chang Brother
Ihet Salman You will not in our City flopped this time ha ha
Ye bhavu aapan bolu
Amazing here.When brother will then sound would be Hikveting for the right time.
you are great,Bhaijaan......love u bhai,love u bhai,love u bhailove u bhai,love u bhai,love u bhai,love u bhai,love u bhai,-V E R Y MUCH....
Allah to bless and continue to entertain Keep whim blockbuster films and logos we all neck Kwashat and prayers with you ...
Pljhghjh or definitely tell just the same that you paid to the mother you receive or Neh Pljhghjh or tell
How are Muge have to talk to you ...
Brother just once Speak
Oh how Bjenge 4 PM
Brother to eat it Krogge
4 o'clock
18 Archive and weight Krlo friends?
Much love we're ... just nothing ..
If you are not Muslim name Chung Karle your Snti red Rkle
Sir Pljh me your app Bodigurd Bnalo Pljh head
You will always support the Human Being ???
If Sallu Bhai ... They put 2 Abhijeet .... fuck Pale State was Usdin .... How Melknikkhte which you have set up friends .... shall Defense Philanthropist and is the Misntropist
Ohkkho true ... # Slman_sr whether you talk or not to just 1 bar # Cttishgdia_sebl_bdia speaking .... I_lv_u ... me you just look good ..
You are wrong
You guys are Salman Khan can do to a head
You really Boldo these not all photo Vgare right
The sorry brothers dinner on talk Notify me less often are involved in 4 PM
Live from Salman Khan .... feel me be that Khuwab is my big star ...... and laugh about it .....
Tuyuvunu up bhaijaannna anajja
Rally Kia The best thing is Salman Khan
True face Krojha not tell these things?
Brother to meet me once you know Railway scheme brother
Where do talk will brethren are these symptoms, tell
Bhai aapse baat karne ko kitna wait kiya hai pls .... bhai pls talk to me I need ur help ... pls main aapse ek baar baat karna chahti hun pls talk to me ... bhai pps help me pls
Today on behalf of the party # brother.
All Bandra come most'll meet at my house
Recruitment Bhat Tkhlifda low
Salman Bhai ...... I liei John BV De Lowy uuu dengue Tumhari
Hello I die. I can speak to Salman Khan ??
Oftentimes time do not change Kbrna you feel Wool Junge
oh salman bhai
Help me hlp me plzz bhai
Exocrine I have to have agencies Boht important @ Bengslmankhँ
Brother gave a Brr commitment by him again Someone not hear
Micro really, enjoy, when the 4 pm
Abe Cirkut people put a little air coming out of two so the crowd Let's kid people sit down in peace no noise cry out brother you meet all one by one
4 pm :( life class brothers in my college
So wait: micro :(
Love shall my brother Salman bhai
All the time how agencies define the Guy Thing
No hurry Brother
Will angle ray gallons Tujsa Acha Dog Sea butt with your car Lu
Brother unfurl Khan needs I'm not the story that I have
Welcome will not Hamhra .. ???
I would like to talk with you brother.
I'll see Mr.'m A Big Fan to own you come Dekti receive wry than Lgkti But Ache childhood and death. . . . 4 Rm Nepal
One thing i tell everyone to talk to you respect everybody .... Pljh people
Bhaijaan I'm eagerly waiting
salman sir plz reply..my comment my dream will come true.. plz reply with my name
Brother how much would you have to have to wait
Brother John quickly downsizing
Brother us angry Krio
3.30 The Bola was man Pelwan you
The Baijan ... now they are not waiting ... are to talk
Wait, how long would we have been
4 pm on Haiii
Salman bhai i am a big fan would like to work in films with you
Brother When will you talk to
Brother please spin are not so 4 not say at 4:30 pm musical instruments
John Okk brother
Will Salman brother married?
Told you brother # Salman ..... # Zuma Happy ......
abe tm log jyada chapad chapd kroge to bhai jaan chale jyenge bola n sb chup chap bhaitho ekdm shanti shanti shanti aankh bnd kr k no type any commnt sirf bhai ka dhyan lgao
Salman Sir Pljh 5:00 Pt by Dou Pljh 4:00 to Nai talking Pt logically went you Pljh Sir Pljh
Neha dream good are missing, but dreams are The fact Ni
Done Hey Yrr hurry Wet No. No. yogurt mind
We will not lie but Bajrang Bali will die the same man ..
4 Bjhe then the walk will go Kkm with Gough is free car venture to
You have a habit of coming late I peo ... 4 instruments will not Sayd Start ...
Hii I love that you are a big fan of Salman bhai what you do will matter Pljh
hahaha...feeling osmmmm
Sallu bhaijana Hats
Hail brother.
4 Tooae've done sir ....
send naaa plZzzz
Jan 8 Mints ...... Lub shall brother ....... *
Call me Brother
Today's party from Fb Pay Salman Baijan
Let Plisii SVP brother
Your very very very large fan
How much Kraogikkvet
Say you do or forbear
7 mins left......waiting bhai......
Awoo talk Sath`- Salman?
Abe TN People do not believe pungent chili with breakfast Kraooga will be all right if ..... then Salman Salman water got yell
ILove u salman sir plz hum se chat karo
7 mnt or
All Aँ is all elegance your Baijan
Said Baijan ???
This 7 Tu Toh are perfecting the translation. You come to be called soon.
3:53 now
Brothers meeting not to cancel if a commitment Doha
Brother to gallons inbox will only baths at 4 pm Page Notify me when gallons Bhat Personal
6 minute ago .....waiting india's super star salman khan
6 Tu brother
Opinion of the book come uo ....... ??
Where are you Shona Cant wait ...... :-)
5 mnt or
Hii now 4 o'clock
We Dou heart of his new movie Bajrangi Baijan he Baijan be covered in Kuvh popular movies of the year
Hello Sir, we are all your weight
Pljhgh talking Salman must be definitely Onlin and Pljhgh Pljhghjhkkpljhghghgh your fans ...
Aslam you Bahja
3 min BS Bai
Help me bhai plzz help.me
True Salman means we can talk to the weight of the day
Brother 5 Mint Rhegye
Ajao Wi party is final and we Fans Public
5mnt left .... Oh for the Oooo .... whoosh of llllu
Listen all up to get the brothers to Bala
Plz salman sir
Bhai 4 mint
AJee sunte ho ....... ab aaaaa bhi jaooooooooooooooo :)
The two won me Salman bhai
Brothers come Honor
In Sllu Aj is not navigable without gallons
howz it possibleee.. and ksee bhai jan
Brother Arhe KIA
Brother My Hats
OK, you need to be online to make 5 PM on arrival
Once my dream Koh true Cardona brothers
friend yahan internet bahut slow ..... hai./..... sorry
Grand My Hun Salman Khan obsessed
Do you speak Bengali language?
O bajrangbali should just get a reply today ..
Sir, I Aak different from all slugs Fan Hu .I hear your abduction happened
Sallu Bhai Pljh now might have received micro scope
Come quickly, brother pljha pljha
Salman brother Mr. Am Sam Jokha cold air ...
Brother John ... Pljh once my name Typ No. of Hii said two Pljhjhghjhgh brother?
Today was my admission. Not Found But beds. Therefore could not be admitted. So I came here. :) :) :)
Brother come
Sallu agia fb or
3.58.... ohhh cant wait :)
Salman G, you like Halim?
Muj Fans you should Dowa all
Brother where are you know
My Heart Beating this for them ... hr ek pl ke liye hum aur hamari family aapke liye dua krti h ... duniya kuch bhi khe hme kbhi koi fark nhi padhta .... aap aur aapki family hamesha khush rhe aise hum log dua krte h ..
Bhai 2 minute
Brother everyone how will reply
The go .... plajhjhjha
Hiikam Ur Big Fanki Vnt Ur photograph with ur Otografkmera Kustn What is the secret of your home Apse schools
It take to finish or thinking story started: v
Started two man
sir 2 mints left
5 will Pt pm Direct gallons seven
Hiii sallu bhai i m ur biggggest fan .......... kya aap bataege ki aapne acting konse acting skool me sikhi ..... plsss bhai tell me
Brothers We're VAT
Sir meet you once in life is you get O
You wrote the letter B might be Puhnc you ....
My prayer is with you
Said .... you Salman
Brother you is great
Waiting ....... became my Salman .... head Aa no news sir you ........
Eid Mubarak Salman AdvanceTrac® district
Brother 4 o'clock, said brother? Please do not reply brother
4 pm on bro .... Come on now
Brother 4 where the ringing you Asslamu Affairs at Hi Sstrikal respect
Today's party Fb from Baijan
bhai apke is blockbuster movie bajrangi bhaijaan ke bare me kuch gadhe na jane kya kya bakbas kr rahe hai aur ahmedabad me to movie ki release pr ban lagane ke liye appeal bhi ki hai ap kya kahoge bhai
Y May from Bangladesh. My Chathu app will Jorrur in Bangladesh once
ok sallu 2mint letest
Hey how you do online
Who Sir Jodhpur just weight will also give some of your activities on revisit h
Physical Salu Mia G Pljh Tell
Not all know my every prayer for your schools
glass alaykum khan jumma bubarakho how are you
The 4 o'clock the same
Salman brother Guy Chat Vdio
Just a month
Hii How r shall Kkap They tell you not Lucknow why not come if Aato Notify me Pljhghjh Inform Krekkpljhgh
What the bay Shashi
Just 1 min and
How do I know Chega you come
I would like to meet you in Salman Pljhgh .... You want to see once Hukkm heart your bot I am a big fan ... Realiy Minister Like Ukki written Ur Ntur ..
Book 4 o'clock per just rest
1 MIN brother
Just take a selfie with you
The long line your Chahnewalo Kikunme we s might not even you do :(
Go bhaijana
Brother, come now
You also seem to love that handsome and Baci also love that cute. Charming Song. Mazza was coming. :) :) :)
Helo salman.sir
Day 1 of the Main clothing, clothing, show jayanga bajrangi bhayijan 1
Brother eating
He ceased
How Baijan ???? Eagerli Waiting for 17th
Come brother
Brother 4 Bjagaye Year .... once Pljh
4 is the ringing yet schools
haa bhai pls come in vrns
Pljh Aaye Sir lie to understand spoken to one of my more gtk fan Witness dose you sir
Do at least three movies a year, Salman bhai
hlw salman sir.
Will talk on comments ??
Y i'm doing Bayat fear: '(
Salman Muge best was a point
No matter how would so many people want to talk to you
Please how to chat on FB page in the Help do with Salman's brother ??
Brother how we Krskeng talk to you .. Salman Khan
O alaikum salaam bag
4 come the ringing still remaining schools?
My brother :-) in Sallu Bhai D everlasting
4 o'clock went but Sallu is yet to come
Brother quickly au
it's 4'o clock
Talk salamanananana pulse
Come quickly, brother pljha
Brother Huh like you Boht Allah bless
1 min more Hogya brother Lao not
Salman's brother Jay. Blessings If Bajrangi bhaijanana. ....
4 were Pt brother
4 are already ringing Baijan
OK now I'm going Hu Byi .... lie Bolv crow Katv black crows best you Drio Salman sir
4 ringing the Baijan Baijan G: - * <3
4 circuit the buzz
Ringing on 4 Punjab Aaja Mere Yaar
4 Ps were but Salman Brother Where are
Where are you brother
Salman 4 to play
Brother Where are the employees you have.
Do you set a Prfl Previous pay off his Selfi Because Salman Khan a lot I'di schools
Early abiotic brother is known in prayer
Hello Brother
Brother also come now time
Look at 4 o'clock, is also coming your rest again.
4 ringing false
4 became PM
He shall proceed Y? Ajao and waiting does not
4 o'clock but the party still on level ...
Plz rply sir
Said brother?
The 4 pm but come yet Baijan other schools
Is fooling no Kslman is not so free. Who sat down to chat. The fake account it
Baijan said hey you?
Plss according to
Sir 4 Neither Lao o'clock Pljh
Your Buht bra Fan brothers Pakistan, Sindh, Karachi
India went ringing 4 If you are Beta London do not know
Brother My Life is just a Hii Khawb ... you. With a Selfiai brother
Hello salman bhai...
Do not push brother
Amazing to be Mr. Pandey Whr and shall
Brother thing was to not refuse car Allows Bttri my fun went too Lowe can be played ... :(
Biiii said ????
Sir if you want a time to talk to us
Surrey would be logo
4 o'clock but ... brother had not yet
Brother made flowers all Hhhhh
Hlp me bhai plzz help me
Nai So Fucking Salman everyone mad Bnra Laws
Past four
Hiii salman I form mardin we are love you bolly fans Turkey love you love you come in turkey come in Istanbul muahhh??? you we salman bhaiiiii I love you muah ????? you are films likeeee? my favorite films chori chori chupke chupke ??
Year salum brother come here loadasaphinga hojaegi metaphor: the
Brother told you
Avi you Ajayna Pljh
Brother is coming not sleep too fast
when will you come
Brother eat?
Bhai.post plz
I went to Bali bajram
Salman G sure you have made a fraud of schools have been ringing Hmlogo 4
Brother Where the 4 o'clock you
Salman brothers you do to talk to us
Baijan Mmo or not I know your heaviest Fan .. oh really for your V-off.
Brother plus point Kijiyega not heart Todiaga
4 o'clock but the party is still on
It's 4pm sir
Are Come what Baijan Frank
What do Salman bhai ..... d snow Mjse extra love you ... and therefore Notify me her recruitment love schools because they Mjse extra What do you love
Sallu Baijankpls received now
Bjrngi Get Baijan official page for a point
Brother Rulaoge what authority v Go
Please, brother today at the party in the film Song
A matter which does not listen to myself then the commitment again! ;-)
Team was Kbka ... Whr and shall
Brother on Your Being what we Trust is
Brother should Rply 1 times your cribbing
Just Nai brother
Stems does not have a V-film Miss, whose film the theater found it or not I go to .. 2-3 Ministry. Your movie is definitely look Thetre giving to friends.
Brother Was the brother commanded
Shit someone at least tell all comments to Ray cake on what it would also be
Team was Ware made 4 PM du ???
Sallu Baijan you like what song the Jhada from # Bjrdagibaijan movie ?? ??
4 ringing brothers now Come on, please
Salman Sir Pljh Talk not we all Pljh Pljh
Bajrangi brother picture of what type know people are making noise Why
Said Salman bhai
What do movie with Apmere my friend
Wonderful to have ringing Man Pandey G4 and did not come to you now
love u vaijaan, always aapki intezar main rahtahu ,, aapki ek zalak or aapki movie ka intajer main rahtahu ......... Allah aapko khush rakhe or salamaat rakhe esi dua kartahu ..... Amen
4 PM to eat Salman
Sir 2 month Lee Xtra rhythm .... now so Dr. Krnikpdegi you much:
Salman Time complete've done Ajao not Fb Pay
speak 4.02pm
Plus brother tell ... about the sale
Brother all deemed insane level eating
Hey Maska Why are dying Sallu Bhai Rply Give
Jiada do you like from all over the world
Hello there!
Ind A 4 pm or brewing a 4 pm;)
Ur fav footballer ?
Brother on sale its second site must probably but come here
Hello Bade bhaijana
Sallu Bhai sleep. What was
Abe's Real Prf no Salman bit
Beingsalmankhan ................. Kaa haa ho yrr ...... Aaiieytoh sahi :)
4 ..... o'clock .... But the party still Bakii ..... she Salllluu Mia Baijan of ....
1 rply sir plz
Let's start brother
where are you
How Tam Orrrrr G
Sir 4 o'clock
Sallu Bhai My Trfse Ramadan Happy
Baijan where
Sirrkkkhan be ... shot Toh ni give Ray ??
Is called
It's 4.3 pm
What do Salman Year
Brother Lenten'm quickly obtained: '(:' (: '(
Brother profiles do not change pic is cool
4:03, etc.
Brother 4 has been ringing
Salman eating
Birya get good here in Bhopl
4 Baijan o'clock ..........
What brother was fun? ;)
4 pm but the Salman No. come. : /
4 o'clock on but brother still missing schools
4 o'clock but eating Salman Hazi schools ..
Hello Sir c cache you
Brother will answer you really our questions nor brother
Did anyone kidding Toh Nai
You're Ramadan mother Rosie holds?
Brother are telling swear two married when otherwise I Kuwara Mrr Jauँga
4 pm but the Sallu sir entry Abi is Baiki ....
Come sir 4 then when the ringing
Bajrangi brother Rate think this cancel O
Mr. hop to the heart of his fans reply must Krogekkap Kabi Nai Toderoge
Brother Come on now wait not hot
Baijan your driving license BAM or not ?????
Brothers these are all screaming so feed chilli with samosas
Ha brother Pljhghjh first of all with me
Oh wait do is important not've Bola 4 pm occurred at 4 pm
Sir How will reply ;-( so logo
4: 5 High
every sec. 300 ppl cmnt
sir plz plz
A new status on it;)
4 ringing brothers
Going to BS refresh'm coming not reply brother
Salman's brother alive after those of Dosumn Murdabad angle Jhehmt amusement of the
4:02 Ist Where r ??? shall Said here you go there ... is life ??
Same ..... Salman bhai
Let's not rush Kabi Tho time Dijye public members to love .....
Sir 4 bags were you when you talk
Lies the lyrics. So Jhute so Yrr your fans do trust you. It's not Sonakshi Sinha, who will speak the truth
When the bajrangbali, poet lies not speak, work out how you Bola?
Taking brother of the film will hit super
Hal 0 Salman ... how are you .. ??
Brother come Jai Jai Bajrangbali
Brother 4 p.m.
Where are you brother
Running Juta .... answer did not Be a Kushtion
Brother gave me my What app. Two not been a day .....
Mr. Kanva May to brief reply will be difficult
Sir Bajrangi Brother John May Ali Quli Mirza and Nazim Khan
I was the first to film love that seems useless liking of all wanted was to film BRO
Remember the Lord, do you make Didar to do a complaint speak to Salman sir pudding or Rabba Salam Khan Sir or Rabbah. Brother John Plskwheting
Baijan Muslim thing is true or fake Pljh reply Sallu Bhai
Brother so comments were simply a reply on two Pljh Pljh Pljh
salman main Superman fan
Please qasam Maaki javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki qasam javab doPlease Maaki do javab qasam
But m confused ... then you falsely Pist Q here: /
What is this man !!
lv u ... salman schi m bat kroge sbse kya .. lv Fd sooooooooooo Spa .......
No one Salman
Brother Roy Hart did work out why he had not come except to come study shall Knov doing 1 hour session msg my exams even by tomorrow :( :(
Now type the spun Fingria began to ache
jab 1 lakh people love u love u likhenge how will u reply poor u
Brother you are Hlpful Person cone Njha you to level out all tomorrow helpful
Bhai apki movie apka name pavan kumar ur mera real life m name h pawan kumar, toh m y movie dekhuga hi, motivate JO hona h, ek request h sir aap plz mere dp p like krdo plzz! Movie blockbuster hit Toh are sure!
What to do This net over expected
Salman sir we get to see what a new Bajrangi Bhaijaan ..?
Hikkslman brother, I'm telling you right now to your Bajrangi Bhaijaan hit ... what you say ????
Sir Pljh me a cue Nai Not Give me your number, brother Pljh
Now i came back in May and go away .....! ??
Vova 40,000 samntsa Keep It came with no sub-hatters
where r uu...bhai ...plzz one reply must only onee:-(
Brother know you're busy thinking too big foam head that never had the same Khus you would see whether Sir Jingi that once you meet
Eid ki aapko dher sari badhai ho, and BAJRANGI BHAIJAN 17ko screen par aai he to me or meri family sab dekhne jayenge, and me dua karta hu ki aapki ye film jyada tar log dekhe or 200corore ke club se bhi aage jaye. Best luck OF. Being Human
Room Kutta stone amara in West kara thia Salman
Enjoying the brother licking Cancer
Salman bhai assalaamu alayakuma
<B> brother Dukhare hearts of children you do not queue
Baijan can now look at 5 percent, you wait all night so as to when a free class i ... Iam Big Fan
What the fuck, man
Avitak do not have 4 PM?
Watch what went falling off your brother .... I have B had sold your such a waste Wackkmanne Ols PE
Salman exocrine please us thanks to also to reflect the chance.
Reply plz bhai
Rummy Hindo Salman. Infidel acts you Gandou
Salman bhai Ajao 200 Kant Number Krdia matter
How to chat live ???
Slllluu Mr. Love shall .... Pljhghghgh Once the two meet ourselves ... Pljhghjhghjhgh
Dongiri will then be when Sallu Bhai (Salman) Nd guru brother (HK) together ..
Brother Rply car two brothers to reflect ours to not Notify me Cnke
Brother Eagerli Waiting For You ... Plss are your weight ranging Come early to avoid, 3.30 4 PM and Avi 5 pum pum from Hakphn tackled, Apakia page.
Fake fake fake fake
Now you have 4 40 .....
Brother received a Rply Nai Do not waste your time any
Salman plz reply
How to talk to us in so many people ?? :-(
What brothers come after prayer weapon ???
Were talking online brother ... they just happened to end at 5 pm
Salman sir or pata chala hai ki aap aaj kal jyada gym me time bitate hai ..? is baat me kitni sachhi hai? or agar sach hai to kya aap kis new movie ke leye body bana rahe hai
Fake fake ....fake ye fake h. Suna sabny
Infidel name was only you
Salman plz  plz  fulfill my 1 wish
plss Salman kr rply do .... <3
Dont Year Kmeँts Pljh Frnds
Bajrangi such Ha brother ......
I think you two really tell once please the busy Sir
Book ,, Kaseha you ??
tiger bahut busy hai abhi... do not disturb cat
Jodhpur come when women ... I Abkkkha will survive me Kekksadi Street will have you come
Sir, you did not reply !!
Come on bro Reply
Busy film kept Kk Rosa Salman bhai
When talk Salman G app they and waiting Kkpls Rply ....
Brothers come to know when I Pljhghjh to reply Am Waiting
To you for Possible Nai reply to everyone personally so Diakkachchha your words.God Thanks once ..
Rinke Ms. Salman He is Beyond
Amazing when you are able to wait for Q
You however Karle will Salman get your Bajrangi Bhaijaan did Inshallah
Kiss Kiss Rply will Salman ... Uffffff .... which Salman is very good feel to it ....
Salman bhayyy ilovi alluvudt uuu ...
Brother Cc exceeded 50,000 in Kmnt Jayga Now you Halo should by speaking two Jhjhghjhghjhghjhgh
I swear God so Toh Class was business Aksitment NY 12 Result of the day.
Said Salman bhai you Derhe not replay Kuy
<B> Brother seems to have no very busy fetish so
Salman sir and you will not talk or time have not you
5 Hogye have not talked about Angry With You do amazing man
Bhai plzz ao na bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi bhaijaan bajrangi Jai bajrang bali Tod de dushman ki nali
Ha Go who are stopping Tumen
Who .. Get a give your number Sallu Bhai ...
Amazing do not Salman G Ayeh ..
waiting for your reply ....plz
Brother, life is a wish just once you embrace Miluo ......
bhai ek request h jab movie k mid m intrrval ho tb kisi film k promo k bajay aapke dwara kiye gye #SwachhBharat k video ko zaroor dikhna. jis se indians bhi swachh bharat k prati zagrook ho jaye. bhai plz reply once
Arbaaz were right you Puntual Less
Brother Hisar, Ajao in Haryana
A reply I'm sorry B brother
Found Thakur not so that you have fewer Ajo to do so
Where do Let our wagon;)
Sir ticket the money is new 2 sent Flights
ye  l0... server d0wn
Reply krdo bhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai
3:30 instruments added and 5:30 o'clock that have yet to yield much weight to Salman Ki Really Love shall Salman
<B> do Comments Brother battery Lowe's what came to be Year
Hiiii me aap ki sab se bati Fan hoooooo ..... ????????
You are not talking either. Vdda thing would you
Come Salman meet me
No Dkta be so comment.
Sir do you come Indore for the promotion.
View friends Salman brother must reply actions c lie right
4: Pt day B outlined Nah effluent? Bevkuf Bnadia effluent then
Your a Nve Who is so Dekne with the boy in the crowd and friends crowded Lecce 3 3 Time Nve and you ...
Beat the ice bar in the building, Hua ... I Love You Jag Nist Time jarar Home bhayijan mammumuuuuuaaahhhhhhhh .......
Do you Rpl on dead Fvrt
Very Wt and not .... bye ... anger may App bit
Hii Sir, i just want a chance to meet you. ....
Brother marry B or Rndve die
I'd have Fek
Brother I think a lot of waiting is more busy no matter Nai should definitely reply tomorrow School Cuti B Pallas brother
Oh brother getting me luck Kitnakrap Twtr
Fear came to be over now my net Pack O
You have good acting
Hihihi made all the owls Hey Salman
Are live India Pat thing he
I am thinking of talking to Apun when with a brother ah Thakkwhats app ..
So my thing was ..... received Biggggg Thanks Sallu: - *
Hhhh As our time ..... 3:30 to 4:00 and so far sign translation
Brother lives at a time you want to meet with Brother John Please Please
Do what ?? Bangladesh who Horha Hindu a Stha ... What a thing ??
Sir baat kr lo plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Sir These will be national tragedy if Ajj did not reply to his fan;)
Come back I want to meet
Will earn much money Bajrangi
Direct talks Salman Khan Vooooooooo with Sir
No sign msg'm sorry Salman Khan
Come today brother
drew Salman sir
Hatters come just simply let go into the concentration of various and Rhy here again to no treatment
It was not expected Baijan you. . Heart broke all :-(
Aby Year appreciate the gum Guy micro Rply the car two
Because Ittna PIR thee O we
All listen to people Salman brothers come 10 pm
Kia is Guy Work
Salman bhai may apke sath India ka garib or khana, kapra na Milne walo ko apniii puri samata sey help karna chah ta hu ..... plzzz help and thora support me plzzz
Virji Manu will be relieved to talk to you
What what what ..... !!!!
Man Friends Do you all really think it's Eid Salman bhai
salman sir so rhe h....don't disturb
deyde answer ... ?? :( :( #livechatwithsalmankhan
Address will Clement Ni never my B luck and get to know the B brother Pauँgakkae God. Mercy .. :-) <3
Hello asked bhayijan ...
Salman bhai rat ke 10 bje aayenge. Mob no of salman khan is 9999999999 real h.
If today I had so much hit then released Love?
They were very busy come not to be in a job would have thought this did not happen as long as no fetish work will be fully working
The beg e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e yes you will be in the field uuu Sir salmaannnnnnnnmnmm
You sir are to meet once a dream has life
So wait for a new Rosa opening as much as it does your post .... Pljhgh Reply define the favor for your Bhat Bhat
Asslawalecom salman bhai..
Hello Sir Say something
You said Salman bhai
Salman Bhai Bale your 50000 comments being there.
hamay tu muqa bh nahi mila
OK bye bye lagta hai it's just fun .
Baijan went back on it ...... it can be moral in your spirit .... Your Pka Your name is screwed
The ringing Sllu Man 6 ..
Its me reply to today's party by my side '
Hats Sir how Pljh where you receive B Xhosa
These business Ayesha Khan stop here
Meet to remember once again
Comes the logo Utllu just you're eating have been 4 to 6 pm ....
The where Salman Bhai ...... 6 o'clock now 1 would have been the time of Iftar hour please a reply Dedijiye ,, please Baijan ........
Pljha naa Reply to: <
Fake Koment No 4 instruments coming did not reply to a Jot.
Ajao not brothers, why Sharma
Brother told you we die Jige
You're gonna spoil your time in vain with no one coming
What really is this Eid Salman Khan ......... !!!!!! probably fake is it
You marry when man :(
You Jhin the day Take Ittna not my status .....
am d biggest fan of uaz... n d WORLD........... <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Allah knows baking you Hdayat brother .. Amin
Loviaa Ouuuuu be married Salman Baikapaki quickly.And God you sweet little baby gift curry.
You kept Rosa ??
What fan teaser was Salman bhai
Absolutely Awesome is all ..
Today Ohh my brothers until the day #
Were kidnapped Salman TV are coming on
Boy, I m waiting 4 kebi dhamakedare entry ....... uuuuuuu marogi
Brother Sllu is on your rear will Bindasis thing I accomplished Biswaskkbs talking to me Lu
good evening Mr. Khan ... mai apki bout bout bdi fan Hukki love you so much Baijan ..... bhagwan apko hr buri najar se bchaye or aap hmesha healthy rhe ... I love you bro .....
Breaking News see the care these people have been forcing so as to wait for the logo
Brother tell Jaan number
Kmitmnt what forgotten car that ??
Do Salman Khan Bola the last Czech fur
Looks Mako These Salman never will not reply
Brother came to know
Salman bhai interesting to meet you ... Mr. M Ur Big Big Big Fan ...
Uno Bhojani Your mother's Codu replay Kaku made cell
still wait 4 bje kha ab time 6 hone wla
The hover hover brother kia Time katama Ho Gaya
Sir 2 hours have Aँs new came
Are head so no B Wet new girlfriend out new App Aँs what new D
Baijan I get from Pakistan, I have to love that bra Fan
hi salman sir how are sir main apki bohot bohot bohot bari fan hu i love you salman sir ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmh
Baijan Say Something
Salman sir you again when online will tell Pljh two not ... Otherwise I will be awake all night and will your weight. Pljh Baiya 1 reply .....
Salman bolo tumne mushalmano ko yeh kaha tha ke nai kyun ki me aapko bohut like karti thi agar aap kahonge ke tumne esa kuch nai bola toh hi main manungi please reply jarur karna kasam he aapko
This movie is not lost brother
Universal chord orders much weight Krwaogiy Yrrrr ....
head ? You Orissa Aiye Pljh for Social Promotion
So now to chat if you only after Iftari ...
Virji Mr. Miss shall let go of your spoke Nai no thaw Ni
In fact you are doing the same thing, or there'd be happy like that .. ???
Voooooo he Ksy? I Ap C gallons to Hikksy Pljh Btyan.
bai g ge kab aooo online
What Does This is run by Salman schools that we
Sir injury Not Fair LEFT BEHIND Ramadan is the month we were not in Sayd Mukdr!
If Salman Khan Muslim schools will then not even him a place to repent to Allah and do not apologize for their crimes Dunya and the Hereafter
Salman courage who give no place in the world of Salman Fans with a Salman
Who love Salman are they do not love Islam
Brother Jay Ram Ram. And said they had ringing 4
The brothers were not so
Sallu Bhai What schools
Sirrr you Onlin O Sirrr
Owl made Bajrangi brother
Akksa began to talk of
Really what you had ..... e Kan'ti Belive ....
We Bajrang Bali a devotee schools and we never speak not lie ..... why Brother ...
If not replay in Maggie will play
Came Kmnt over Brother O
You which phone to use located at a Useles phone ...... My message you will be able to display ... Otherwise you do it then reply ....
Salman sir you talk Aiye B Nai :(
Year someone tell the two were chatting no speaking of Salman But where?
Some Toh's servant ... that so many people live in the heart ....
Just karuo binding Salman G
That really gets me mad with joy then gets set to the application in ...
What was forgotten Sallu friends
Ed bhaijana Mubarak.
We go here call away
Salman bhai me a car gift pudding Year?
We are yearning receive you a glimpse
We have no respect for the sea of ​​Fans
Amazing to be Mr. Pandey all fans are already so wet
Love scheme are Salman occupation equity.
Salman Bia me give a small role in the dominant three of you
Brother aapa all agreed that there is any C film.
Salman dear bye aftari kerte ha hum prr melinge...
Last replyyyyy plzz plzzz plzzzz
Hear no dogs are helpful
Hlw, bajrangi bhayijan
Bajrangi Subkamnaie head to the heart of Brother
Once masga to bhaijana
Is that not the video 3 Tu and only 2 I question sends real figure now on Twitter
Everyone is saying fake ID fake ID. You should Pruv you be.
Bhaijaan plz tell plz bhai one comment
Brother I want to be an actor too
Roy said
Salman brother my Kments path te O
Brother E in ALSO BIG FAN OF U .. BE in from Kashmir ..apka bajrangi bhaijaan main kaise experince Raha ..woh bhi kashmir main shooting kr k nd pls replyy aur kaise laga humra kashmir
Did Tier I Miss B # up
Do not go any more class B waiting or speaking two will talk tomorrow
What Kismt man servant Kkki thousands .. Kroro .. people ... die on servant
NAMASTE SALMAN BHAI :)? I AM BIG FAN YOU SUPERSTAR BAJRANGI BAJHAAN VERY VERY BEATUFIL END SALMAN KHNAN VERY VERY VERYVERY VERYY HANDSOME SALMAN KHAN SUPERSTAR (?? Golden Heart mind ??) I love you :) May ????
Radhika Mdan- except for Salman rest all calls Let our Tmhe ..;) :)
Bhai jaan majhe le rahe ho malum h
How are you brother know that I'm going to see the first show Bjrgi Baijan with the own Gough ....
Lol Admin Attention Seeker schools highlighted know Bujte post comments at> _ <
Our Des cultural life Armaa all our heart to know our brother Salman
Salman Baijan .... talk ... Bass is speaking Ur Moive will hit .....
Muhammad G What really kidnap someone Salman level plus let not ....
Muslims come to speak lowly Muslim. .. Fear Allah. ... All this wealth will all remain here. .. Fear God
Salman did not reply Guys
Must be Tkdirwala to speak to Salman
Maahi baghel aram se
Salman G. Are you Guy Wool is a son of you ??
Salman Sir go ..... are not you supposed to .You do not talk to us
Brother Acha Mjhghakh made you today: cum
We have no respect for Fans
Salman sir Why Nai Aiye online
Insha Allah 300 times the cross-fire blockbuster bajarangi brother by a brother abaki
What happened brother had been stuck in the whole thing work or forget us
Salman Khan! Pljh not to reply if anyone .......
No one can answer my question;)
Brothers have to talk to us Pljh take a little time out for us
Oh Screen will also shed where to do your own incinerate incinerate incinerate
The more your Fans in Hyd Salman We Bajrangi Bhaijaan sure Dekhangeia
Madar Salman nai chalegi film
Sallu Bhai why are not your heart Garden today .... ??? Someone Locha schools ....
Salman bhai Love it .... So Dnt Bay Disappointed. ... a chance to meet a brother get all the ...
You love me yes Q
Be able Apps just'll pray I may get back to you soon
Brother must be done
???????? ray to fall back ......
Pljh you love Patel to help form Pljhghjhghjh.
Slmam how are you're not Rply. B. mourning Pljhghjh little Dayँ Muj
Woov have cute feet in 2011 in Fb feet since 1988 came :)
You said a charge of you wrong Muslim thought on what they are right not to admit my heart that told you so
Was 4 to Pt weight, gone today, Bevkufo, Girl is a whole Bevkuf,
Sallu Bhai reply two not Pljh that girl's a matter of my honor Pljhkkpljhkkpljh ..
Salman sir yet been wet we Pljh Abi B received a
Mdkintjarkmalik. Bjrngikbhijne. .I love you. (786). Bhijnekapakikfilm. No: 1.
App I said please come get
These Sanjay Ga should be hit without Muslims
Mdkintjarkmalik. Bjrngikbhijne. .I love you. (786). Bhijnekapakikfilm. No: 1. Bhijnekmujko Colkkro. 8868026194.
Sir Come on everybody take your Fans comes Pljh are your weight c Pljh .... Sir Pljh a msg large reply time c
Ye musalman jab HINDUO se dosti karni hoti hai ya meljol karna hota hai to shirt-like pants and come without caps .... Aur jab hinduo se tanaav hota hai to kurta pazama aur topi lagakar aate hain aapne bhi dekha hoga ... Why ???
Brother know when went Lao
Bhijn My No 9933742434
Give Salman head a reply Toh Baijan
Are yet blood ashes was not Bje of Which moment ,,
Yours, Gross does not have the heart to see
Brother to eat
Salman you have not been
We of our fingers to a waiting tired fellow B Duk doing by typing
The wait was Intha, to come no news Salman bhai ...
Qiu talk? What mai?
Brother said Brother
Smells Tripathi ,,, love you speaking out fragrance
Salman sir will tell just described to date no date when time came Jaiyega you all Comment Okykcloj IT
See just what you're giving time for us
Brother know what you come Raipur
Brother turned Popat evacuation
False Batta two head again how we will only hoping agriculture
Bhai to you is to Gam nae
Koch pain bhai
Sir we also msg Adik 200 instant 1 Some Say you
Not so when the report says ..
Sir I was Lgi 4 pm Some Rpy car two
Do you keep busy Khfi uncle. ....
Aslam thou if Biggest Fan Kia Apun Smilest Fenn O Salman Khan
Miss Done brother
Salman bhai you hurt mine Nai but all fans
Salman bhai Pljh talks to me Pljh Pljh Pljh
Please Release 6000 Screen Pay brother's brother bajarangi
Pljh Sllu help him you Pljhgh Inki be lying if everyone prayed B
Salman you are not married, why
Pljh Salman c do you help all the him by using the B car two is not your mother's sake
Hiiiiiiii Slmannnannann live my mother's biggest fan I Chti to talk with you
Brother said went missing
1 reply tho de dete
Nita marry you do one thing Salman Karle
Assalaamu Walekumkkase be Salman Khankrmjan Happy ....
The Sir Good Ni 8 speaking car also Lgi are comments head on comments became too painful
So what you Ciye
Salman you Kabi B gtk interesting story that films do not have a way to get to Shah Rukh or Aamir
App whom are talking
Sir what msg Krtte Krtte dead dear
DC Rai to reply Salman's broken our hearts
Who are you talking
Hiiiiiii salman sir
Nowadays extent walks becoming a Salman Khan
Thee who wants to talk bay which does not respect Muslims to be Muslims themselves
Now you are talking Hakksoc extra O was speaking characters ...
Rice or tharake
Brother not much you think you have come to the heart 4 pum not cute ...
Or Allah Salman you have not yet :(
So many Kant. Baijan are reading all comments so do not get time to Ana
Bajrangi Bhaijaan 2 Day will Pohc 100 million club
Are kanjos ji aj to in sab se bat karo sab ko khush kar do itna to kar saktea ho ka nhe aj kanjosssssss mat bana plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz salman khan plzzzzzzzz
Good Ni 8 Bhai
No Fda not Yarro .. same Sbbbb Fake
I Bajrangi Bhaijaan look brand new Jauँga friends you do not go
What Abe tell someone at least after running here
kayeh tiger khan bolu ..?
Not come Salman all sleep
Nikita listens Islam Brother why do these fake Id's crazy love these guys
Salman ran head all day you receive O Nai :(
Do add Sana Khan me
Stained come your fake Salman Khan hahaha ....
Hhh Oky you wish all OK by
Keep Sallu Bhai
6 akaka brother say bad ..
Hello salman bhaijaan....
Brother see why you dream brother just your Fan: HUM
You're saying it came in fake real if so how did you recognize you hahaha
Friends you come all Chati Tknh Salman Khan. ... ???
Baijan be where are
Even Salman Rly went unto friends went to look behind
Brother anyone can say the Kia
Idar same Hun book
Said Salman
Sat asca ah .... :)
Here comes the I ... Salman fan ... Would not welcome?
How are you saying that it was a fake
Pljh even brothers ... we are all wet your
Sir, I'm going to Mumbai .... definitely Jobga near your home
Acha, who is the biggest fan of all these tell brother
Rosa of themselves by filming Rhःy .... Haramka is eating
Brother do not we lift ..... We Lrki ni ha not Yrr
help meee salman khan
Kis bewakuf ne apko yeh bola ki .... Apne fans ko iss tarh se wait karao2 thappad meri tarf se bajrangi bhaijaan padne chye usey jo aysi bekar muft me raye deta hay
Sir said live on now to go too fast
sorry year... sara then salman khan kiy sathe mere thenb barbat... :'(
Salman Khan Your heart is true throughout the water at
Salmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan ajhooo 4 ghanto se apka wait kar rahi hu
Very Akssited I am for your upcoming movie
Cheat by Sallu
oye fake id #salman_khan tera to public #acount hai ... real hai to #page se reply mar
The brother Owaisi angry Kivu at all
If it was necessary to say that Ana was not :(
My son likes a lot
Plz ply ply plz plz salman sir 1 reply
Acha is engaged now running Mulliya B Fb
Or Allah Salman had not come if previously said was why
It's stupid people that work levels could see a good translation
Salman Hello World ....
Life long wait Biii ..... just for you in this world
Salman thy Gru thou Tega thee Fkre you old was singing not see any Muslim films beat you the day of Eid to watch films on 50've done ...
Ashshalaanalaikun ..... ap ki aesi jo aadhri dowaye hai jo ramzan k sadk puri ho jaye .............. RAMZAAN MOBARAK
Which seems to open the link did not come brothers and see how many people the brother answered Livestrmkcom / Fblive / Salman Khan
When Bjenge Salman you 4? ??
Whatever you say you can not do that
Avi good night, enjoy Abvi the rest !! # hears
Mr. Pandey Amazing Krdia Corinthians who Batkrne myself 4:00 PM Your 4:00 Bjege or not
Love you salman bhai ...missing. .you ..salman bhai
We wi Khtiha, once AK everyone hydrocephalus Lgadi
You should take our B age, such a big fan we
Today its all of us admitted Green made Salman ... you they did not expect all of us: - (... but as I also love shall Salman ... :)
Brother not to know reply to two Cutia
We also want to talk to sleep Pljh Pljh One reply Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh Pljh -1000;))
A fake Salman Khan is Salman Khan and Tiger Khan was a man who use 2 2 Akkout O Sassari has time West
Brother do such symptoms, we Nhi Jayँge Dkne Bajrangi Bhaijaan
And Salman bhai movie you have made Cutia
Kucch b kaho ... salman bhai kaa sabse nada fan iss puray shrishti mein afar koi hai ... facts o ... mera bhaiSachin Pujari ..... jab tak salman bhai zindagi mein ek baar agar inse naa mile .. .tyo zindagi mein mein kissise kya mile ...
Once together and see facts ... you've got to Dong ...
Allah swear Salman If gallons ni You made us so large that today I have your film B. Ni see come Q does not
I do not think she's fb salman khan
plz rpy jst wnt to meet u once hope u cme kolkata once
First tell me one thing friends Salman told him to come on Twitter or Fb ???
E think Salman said that Twitter is said to be that Salman's post was taken from Twitter ..... and realize we are doing here
These fake ID level Because of Salman sir can not be that Sir Salman comes to write Sat Sri Akal :-)
Slu exocrine all effluent Salman effluent ,, My Super Khँ will trade hit kick Salman Khँ Bajrangi Bahijan,
Become Salman Khan Here are the msg many people who fake .... but we always Real Hero My Salman Khan will always love
Salman This is the post that Twitter is said that Salman has taken Twitter ..... and realize we are doing here
Salman buried deep in the head for shall lay my cake Pierre an actor Sir Kroro
You do not talk to anyone
This page is fake Nai is just right these pages million Krore have come to be fake ones Salman Khan Salman press head is Eid this
Salman no longer survive until will not reply I will not give chase
Salman bhai yet'm wet your
Adorn worship does not come Salman Why do you need to escalate Krrhi
Worship of inflammation and hair bhaija
Hey there Btaiga not Twitter is Salman came here that this post is not Twitter or Fb Mention
Hhh Do not fun coming to the phone of Salman Bia
Salman bhai big one tharra country of pike asleep Hhhh
Salman bhai Shri Knv ur a big celebrity Haqq Toh Mostly Meet us in to talk to you!
Hii Salman sir I want to meet you Pljhghjhghjh Sir Aoki I am very big fan .... <3
Cell Why are you mad Cutio taken out Salman
Babaji you are so sleep cue aging sleep poorly
miss u salman
Baijan Ramadan to running huh
Brother will be recorded movie will so
Sir plus how to contact you do plus ????
What happened to your promise ... We Speak heard was you give once Kmentment hear own B Undone Sallu Baikkkya. To Vada thing today
Khkhkh did you do
I did not mean to name the best Slmanji man married Krlo Abb ye ...: D
lovee uuu salluuuu
Bajrangi bhaijana quickly go to the cinema halls in
Love Salman bhai
Brother film me Bohut Ppochondo Katrina with you
Hello "Bajrangi bhaijana"
Salman c Kabi kept Lent?
Ok Salman was !!!!
OK Boss Your spades Sir eyes on
Salaam Alaikum can Salman c not all your fans out there a Bengal poet persons Kisiko hurt to be pray to Allah percent of you business afloat every trouble and evil eye
Jaha bhi jay hit pe hit ho jay only sallu bhaiiiiiiiiii
I am doing your weight Salman Khan please
Which Muslims pay mud shall we remember him crushing DJ good any person
Salman bhai Hail
What man you married Krlo not love just so your youth is also perfecting Jorge
Getting married when they should News Now Toh
Chup chootiya jaakay shahrukh ka signature style perform kar shahrukh k tattay
Asalamwalaikum sallu bhai aap hai logo ke baato ko dil par nakko liyo chahay kuch bi ho jaye mai aap ke sath hu ok ur the great bhai great handsof 2 u luv u sallu bhai
The Pakistani child then you went a full film would meet Pakistan's own heart are happy once: fun Ajay c Services
Also IK actor as Hon be Ghjiabad of Retkkio the Song and Drama because Miss will be Dilhī surely sees Thanks
Kom asalmvale bhayijan
Bajrangi brother to be killed
Hello Sir, Do you ever talk to me I'll share some
Aslam a infertility Salman district.
niceeeeeeee loveeeeee you bhaijaaan
Brother you Best O Bajrangi Bhaijaan will Atbb;)
Salman bhai I have needed to talk to you
Yes we Brosha brother
Sir a war thing Krlo please sir
You avesomem same bhaijana
India is only one sayanne Ban unload by Salman Khan
I want to marry you
Wedding Will me Salman c
For you have a good movie to me
I would Intejhr from Bhattt eagerly movie and Bigg Boss of You
Welcome Bajrangi Bijan
always with u
we know bhaijaaan kwo sab fake tha
I lv #saLmAN <3<3
Salman brother mom Pakistan which I am your man I am a big fan and mom tells you to meet the dead or Khois
S ... Baijan ... We are with you always .. be b ... Love shall Services c ..
Sir you Rosa Rkte
Brother will respond break module to Htrs film will hit
Baijan have to see with your Filmbajringi Bajn
These members burn you that are working brother
Salman My child's in your name blue mark where are Gyaa
<3 i love you
Nehi # bhayijan lenika tension.
Million tongue million things
Love the salluuu
3 times Jake Bajrangi Bhaijaan in theaters in Dkhuँga
Bummprrr hittt in saahALLAH ....
Minister of firms Pakistan have your recruitment recruitment dens big fan.
Bhai ram ram
Sir talk of Lenten prayer unto B stock
Brother spoon of Voः Owaisis this fake is Failarahe News
I had never had nor believed in Romrs means Brother
Yesterday you so that the
Tension not take brother she no lack of fans will surely see your movie
Acha Kia this Msgs it had become too sure, since the May update post .... so relaxed was a you do Bola Salman :))
Brothers come and tell the media is blowing Rumar Two ..... cell angle .....
GOD NEW Bhai
Bhai mko.farq low pdta
Salman Khan scheme and my God, the Father ... if you do not have nothing in today ..
We definitely see your movie ..
Learn first meaning of true Islam ye and teach your father
We are always with you are brothers level spot for you to understand
Just heart baking even Duinya some B whereto
No Problem Salman bhai you can not do anything supplanted Bajrangi brother will learn blockbuster movie
Sir all know do not you get someone's mind and not want any bad Loveyu
Feel scared # Uturn
Love love love salam bhai
Salu brother. You move will definitely not hit Bajrangi is strong. ! Are Bgban with which you can do nothing of the Huns.!
Right are brothers .. Kki all Malik A
hme to phle hi pta tha salman aapke bare me sb jhut kha h ... pr kuch akl k andhon ko kon smjhaye ....... i love u always salman .... i recpact u allways ..... .: - *: - *: - *: - *: - *: - *
Nobody can be sure how the fake letter was they should not only take Doubt was Toh trailer launch video viewable everything becomes clear
Bhai plz dont drink alcohol plz plz plz plz
Such O Brother Bajrangi.,
Hail brother
Should take a look at the video before making sure it was
Mr. Jus hope that that person be caught as soon as possible that it is a fake Previous created ....
Brother, your film will hit Super Our prayers are with you and your Sirpe my Bajrang female hand Krthu pray to God that your film super
I talked to kick IK is not covered just waiting for you to film
We bhai nice Comet salu
You have to be said or not said E Do not Care But you'll see every movie come Dekhu c and always shall be singing Rhu. Love shall brother Jannan ..
Good slew friend Alh Afijh Salman You are my life
keep calm Salman bhaii....we r alwyzz wid uh...Salmania rockd...haters shockd....love uhhh bhai:-)
They trust Hey Baijan rest Bhot has killed my brother spread has made prayer in Shah Allah Hoja all tick brother
Salman is the new me plant the trust or is new to me you understand Khus
My confidence in you we Baijan .... You can not talk poet car .... Lowe shall Baijan ?????????
U r absolutely right bhai aap aisa kbhi bayan hi nai desakte muslim k khilaaf yeh sab apko badnam karne ki aur apki image ko kharab karne planning. Hope inshallaha police jald se jald inn dhokebaaz logon ko giraftaar karle.
Pleased that Bjrngi brother's life has been the work of flops going
Tired of explaining the brother logo
I love uuuuuii salman khaaan ;-);-);-);-)
I blv u... Kp shining ma luv.. TZ luvs u.. :) :*
Mr. Knov brother Muslims never speak wrong about someone's religion.
Y Always they shall love, and we all Pata will not do anything you do is ask anyone suffering .... Always Vajan and 8 and Krtah anyone not anyone stop comes into .....
Salman brother trust you ..
How disengaged people send employees Year Kyan requests
Do not worry bro .. to say to say just ignore ... # Biing_humn_bjrngi_baijan_6_dej_to_jo
Were Tiger also error was super hit Sallu Bhai but Sallu Brother Sharp Radhe Kia look the app to your name
Chill Salman bhai .... We will not come in this Owaisis things ..... Movie Super Dupr hit
Choro Sir ... this country could ever learn not to Respect of Feelings ...
#salman khan is rocking star
Some therefore give people life are they do not understand and comprehend not others Kud Toh not waste time making their way to other people she never Smjenge.
Our B shall be no existence # Salman ... Salle lessons specify a name, you are a disgrace
Salman's brother Andre was posted intejhara thenka please thank u brother.
J'a did not have purchases team Appana
Salman bhai I know these sub News whatever he seemingly sub after watching film of wrong app that Who's Who and Who's Who
We dnt blv sch nonsense keep da gud wrk!!
You are Hatb all Btayaki we humans Hindu Ur Muslmand India Ur Pakistan. ... but do not know why people think Nhibt None One Day They Will release.
Tension nehi leneka vai, no matter what happens, kuch bhi loog kahe hum hamesha aapke saath hay, a fall, ek shaan ek hamara bhaai Jaan: * just waiting for Bajrangi Bhaaijaan:) Love and Respect from Bangladesh ....... .......
Foresee I'm Muslim bad I Franz Frnj abuses brother will Bjrngi movie flop
Year y'all shredder married brother. Kkse. Kkiiiinn?
Yrara inflammation matkar Bur Ali Khan
I here will not be a boy Watch Movie
Now Salman brother Hhhhhhh in tension
What is Salman common people like us who have asked for help Mango Allah
To think first of some
Salman bhai Kivu You are imperative to all you two Pilz who work for you
O Do not disturb my sister
You Jesse where Miljati O then crash Gtjati O
Oak Khoda Hafez Ali Bora sujao bya vote of no habit of apologizing manne samajajao bayayayayayaya ....
Aur raha bt salman khan ka to salman khan ko apna name chenge kar dena chahiye salman nhi rakh k unko salman kumar rakhnaa chahiye isliye k o muslma k name per dhabaaa haiiiiiiiiiiii
There are or are not, I'm Salman brother with you
Salman Khan tere pean dee phudhe mara kece randi k beachy
Love you bhai iii
Not a big superstar brothers in the world
Sala harami musalmano ka dushman badnam kiya hai Musalman ko kalank hai kabrustan mai tera paisa kaam nahi aayega balki #aamaal aor sabse pahle #iman #pakka hai ya nahi
Right there and then are that the case shall learn so ..... those who are making the rumor should not be all that ...... not Islam lies
Yes i knw u r a gener0us n p0stv prsn i belev tht c0z i felt n obsrvd tht:-)
Sales will ensure
Salman Baijan all the tricks of those who damage the image of the app is like this
Yes the whole world should be some against you are I'm sure you, and will to the death of Salman Baijan Love You
Salman sir you Mashallah very Pierre
Listen to the new own other people ..... so no Htthy are moving dogs are Bhkkti ......
What do you what religion you know decanted Muslim note Hindu
What Shut hatters Rulaoge .. Senti Tibetan Currey all: "(Laws
Salman Khan will Sogye then selling horses. And here Mci market Bnare all. Adorn crazy Salman
Going into the theater of Salman's movie ever a not see download Internet on 10 days of coming after Dekhung !!! Free
Sir meet and was very Ecc to talk
There is no cost to people living Kkaj Do pref
Bastard child of Salman
Speaking not as the head ....
Hail Hail Hail. Bjrngi Baijan
So what we Kray
Hai salman i' from idonesia&maley, god
Is giving all persons abusing Salman. All mingled Owaisi. Sala spreads all wrong msg is owaisi Supporters
Baijan you said the right thing ....... we will save all of us are useless Rumer received .....
Khana Khan Salman Khan Jan
Mashallah 2.3 of comments and likes and 33,966 Great 300 Krors brother of film many
waiting for bhaijaan
Brothers tension Mtlo we do recruitment Trust on 300 Saras Commayegi of films all ...
Baijan this msg, you are twisting the Muslim Brothers for you to discredit
Sir Inshaallah My Ap C. Once Miles Ga.sr you must get agencies throat Ga.n
Sir swear C. May your movies to Muntjir Honksr start your Torri C. Rolle B Njay Its good ... Sir Njay Bhulao Pljhghjh head
Salman your really very fluently .... Allah Guy in baking all right .You Huh not bother. Stay Blessed
Without having to hit the Muslim Dikyenge we
19 Id schools and they will surely take your IDI.
Now I'd celebrate that Ramadan comes as the fun of Lent B keeps Hakkyan of Eid Ramadan when a keep Lent.
Man Sallu Bhai Good Fellow schools are so fuckin were all trying to disrupt their name
Hello sir i Have you ever been talking to me a few who do you share
Salman's brother ....... No Tanshn we are with you ... it does not matter to us ... no one else speaks your Kilaf
OK No problem Nai G Salman bhai
Sllo are I Do you want to know from you these are Bola are Hindu brothers like Q Bola you Muslim hearts session for me
May WO pars buy Kar k use mai paise rakh k use gift reaping karwaa k eid waale din namaz k baad jab Ammi se gale milkar eid Mubarak karungi tab mai ye gift unhe dedungi
Mr. Knov I knew that Sallu can say never such idle talk
Bhai ajkirat appkesat
Allha With Your Brother
Brother as you would like to speak
I know sallu i don't believe fake news u dnt wry ...
O Salman Bhai Meet me.When
Eid 2015, we Baijan Bajrangi together.
love u love u love u sallu?
Id lining me Sye Baijan
No, you were not wrong, will not. Brother is Intijar whole world you sarees are all true super Dupr News you.
Lowe properly bhaijana
Hi salman sir please apse marnese pehale ek echha he ki main pako samnese ekbar dekhu filmo me dakhahe lekin ajatak main apko reall me nahi dekha but apko aur apke family ko ramzan eid ki mubarakbad
Brother Pljh once Consider talking to me, I am a child of your fans and out you as my big brother
What will come. you
luv u salman, ... aap bht bht great ho ... hr din koi na koi kisi k bare me bolta rehta..ese logo pr koi vishwas ni krta ......... unke bolne se hi hme sikhna cahiye pdai kitni jruri hn soch smjhkr bolna b.
Be English mother Behen were brother: Business
Very good brother look Mujy Thori Boht understanding
Sallu Bhai Rokgh
Salman They know us, sir. And 8
wee belive u salman
Brothers we meet trust you and we never know will not be wrong
Can brother you see Shaddi How do I Son you
Slmam Sir always have it follow you so hmm. What happens to the help of learned by watching the level of the others. Happy heart Hmni go huh now
We you believe your life is
What happened ?
Salman brother do not worry. Coming two years the so called breath drawn will forget the riots and p # * Sector said ....
Bhai..don't worry
love uuuu sallluuuu
That date message of the ad is to write 1000+ on your profile pic only Indians
nyc sallu bhai..
The trust you .. Kkbai! You can not do anything wrong .. ..!
Bajrangi bhayijan 700 kror !!
I'm wid u
Abe Do not hear Salman bhai was not going to listen to any Voto which Mnme come he will brother
Item Noman is my sister there on
Salman J Pljh ever Rply to do only know the running area you love your fans c
Salman bhai friend Report rekyuesta pljha
Eat you plus ever Msv car Dijiye Plss Mr. Reali Miss scheme
Yes Baijan we have that you
Yes nothing to do with your real life. You actor and your Mvj Dekti Thats per nonsense Ju do, or not do, ur Life
Right are brothers Good Evening Sir Salman
Marry otherwise would not Firr
Marriage will not love what
Niki Verma ye speak
Salman car comfortably walk now or Jaykkl
are yah madhar chud kiya dega iski to me ma chud dunga agar yah mil jaye yah madhar chud islam ka dusman ha is sale ko bech rod per lakar goli mar du ise mar duge to zanat miljayegi kiyu ki yah madhar chid islam ka dusman ha
Pta h. Ye sab fake news ghum ri h aj kal. Bt shayad flm pe iska asar padh sakta h. Ap wts ap pe vdo share kro k apne kuch ni bola muslims k khilaf. Insha allah sab thk ho jaega
Hy tamanna i want 2 friendship with u
Salman's brother to marry when? I want to be in your wedding procession
What is written Sallu some sense not come
John Salman brother lives in our hearts
ilove you .. bai .. .. im soo sad ur arresst ..
Additionally Baijan you your movie Bajrangi Baijan and Eid Adwans May Congratulations Love shall Baijan
My Islam is my religion. Ik Ik Allha Khuran. Are you Smjaye c We've got
Shit then be at Awoonga brother biryani come eat'm not Brother
Brother and all of our Kolkata people Appake film must see
Plus all Frendns switch concerns were movie brother had been present the Harare all seen people plus movie Does
Chance is very little I Dekskti or not
Brother woke take it
Speaking Fans themselves but can never become a trap because the ever brothers to understand Kosice own translation
Please Everyone watching Bajrangi Bhaijaan ...... If you're a fan of Brother AED can see of course the movie Brother
SALMAN bhai ap tenshan mt lo apki movei supar dupar hit hai kuch mkl or kuch bkl hai jo apni (d) mra rhey hai or jo mra rhey hai vo bhi apki movei dekey gey mgr adath hai na suleymani kida jo ghusa hai .... .. :)
Ye sab fake baatein h bhai sbhi religion key bht respect karte h or wo kbi kisi ko hurt nhi karte do not miss bajrangi bhaijaan movie m to jaonga first day or first show
The forward saw you in the coming time your status
Pak hoji the movie flop ???
There is no brother hmata carane movie 1 St Day 1 St Shows
Brother Chill your Real Fans who know these Gtia act of someone else, they Have Faith issues shall Bii ... ??
? belive of course buddy...i believe in your heart ...hameshaa buddy hameshaaa....i love uuu <3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3 3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
Sir apse milna hi h mujhe kaise bhi karke mujhe bht tklif hoti h sir schme ab or nahi saha jata agr aap samjh skte ho to please mujhe jarur milna h ... apki fan Geeta Rawat ....
Salman apke fans pahle apka dharm nhi ..... apke Indian pahle hone ki vajah se pasand karte h. Aur apke sbhi chahne wale ka koi bi dharm ho.salman aap Hiro ho unke
Today's party from Baijan.
Aware Bajrangi brother
being human ka aslee avtaar. salman bhaii aap aur aap kay dad lakhon karoron logon ki duaa letay ho. Mshallh ...... Subnallh. stay blessed always admin aamir ahmed
Kaya hal salman bahi kamal karte ho pande g
Salman bhai I understand your point Skthu and it's all lies
Working people only rumor
The Beijhti of Muslims film in May
Manu is confident that it will break all your movie record
No thaw Nai I know you are very busy were all Best Virji
S I love the Ripley then Ega as long as you do not say anything
Gdnt Salman Khankkash you reply.
Salman bhai I love you Nikhil Raj friends on Hemanshu Raj Nikhil request form singing Salman bhai Plus Plus Plus
Extra without not good, smashed C. Drink a cup of water, saving money and water. What say?
A Muslim will not have seen the movie, this film will flop
Your biggest fan jaw sir.Does once me anything Ripley Krnakp
Bhai don't worry
K bole6e, .. Tui ki janish anti religiÃo film kake bole, ..
A. Lowe, brother report Eid Mubarak
Osm Mumbai Super Dupr hit more will earn from working circuit 5000000 film head
please contact me
luv u bhai waiting____
Shopkeeper declaration ka
E two N't know bt I want to ask .. K log bol rahe hai k salman ne bola hai k mujhe apni film hit krne k liye musalman log ki zarurt nhi ... Agr aapne aisa bola hai to movie eid me q release kr Women are after Eid
i am bigg fan of salman khan iam pakistani love love uuuu salman khan
Asslmualackum ..... salman bhai me ye puchna chahti hu k jo baate sunne ko milri hei muje is film se related. kya aapne sach me esi koi baat boli hei ya ye sab rumors hei ....... plz tel bhai jaan
Sir Salman would your movie hit
Now turned brother
Zakat will this Eid on
Okkk .... know Bajrangi
Cap Yeh Festival Forums ...
Baijan same ..... Salman ......
Salman bhai Hail
Psalm hansome !!!! masallaha be very happy !!!
You did not
Do you know my brother win win bajarangi
To see not Tumari movie until the app to Batnhin me
Cool movie Brother
Love uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu bajrangi bhaijaan
What Nitin Saxena brother order Krdia ???
Superb mind blowing
All Aँ killed a brother of all the elegance all ,,,,,, My Bro Salman Khan
Salman sir evry1 says m ur die heart fan, ,bt m ur huge huge huge huge huge huge crazy crazy die heart fan of urs
Love shall Suuuu Mach Salman fans .... you always is with you ...
Bolivoda brother of Salman bhaijana
Bhayijan Love uuu
I got .....
Salman case ho
Very few people have to get true love
The safest neighborhood you
Salman ji aapki film super duper hit ho.sare record break kre.Ginnes book of record me naam ho jaye aapki film ka.Aap reply kro, ya na kro ham to aapke liye pray krte hi Rahengekamin !!!!
What recent Hankkpvn Kumar Chaturvedi Gkkurf. Bajrangi brother Psalm
You Madharrchod
Hail Sallu Baijan be Sallu Bhai throughout India Tiger
Trailer Daansu Man
Trailer Dnnansu brother
Nice my life
Eid Mubarak of Salman
I love you Salman Khan My'm very much a fan of
dosto yai flim tho full hit PEF hit Hoge
Nawaz has also given the time saved kick Toh
Salman Khan came City of angle coming Pakistan c Pljh Pljh we also get you to say yes Pljh Pljh Batyan not
Pori dunya tumhari fan nahi hai to ziyada ochlo mat agar tum harai fan ho to wo sirf india or pakistan ho ga ya pir AK or mulk pori dunya nahi Mari sister tumhai pehlai like krtiti per ab nahi she is right you are salfish
Bajarangi brother blockbuster movie ...
Salman bhai 1 no
Good C vaijana
Brother will far your these movies thatch;)
Brother John locket great journey
Super Salman Baijan
Super Dupr Hitkrhegi brother
Global sales Ismail dog is harmful to a much Bukna health. Amma go to sleep in a dutiful now ## Bogdk
Not in Pakistan this move Nh chill cook Chair us in Lhr cinema goers thou
Abe Ismail person will come in Pakistan, what more than 1 million status level you logo Bay
Bajrangi Bhaijaan all brothers
Mahga thy Lahore to our village are bay doing their job
They sure hit schools stop fuckin be the new hit movie's brother
Salman bhai We used to write your batch pan Abibi annoyed us in but will you say one thing Krdia
Salman Khan Have you observed
Q. Do you think so Bolts
All records their way through Salman Beja Jai ​​Bajrang Bali
sala to the olad
i love u soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo+00000000000+00000000000000+000000000000-000000000+0000000+0000+0000+000+00+0 Mich and u r beautiful+awesome
Ye Movie Hit Hone Se Ruk He Nhi Skta H Movie Hit Hit Hoga Hoga Hoga Hit ----------------------
If anyone should Blkne tell your number Abi Blanche in 2_ Minister Ayeg
Salman bhai I loveyou
Baijan I got from Amazon
Salman Many people say the wrong thing about you is I do not feel good
Pljh do these wrong things about Salman bhai write they do you harm self
No Rock Like Salman bhaijana
Silly thou I said Ali Khan, and you really loans should in
oye alia privacy block
Ha ha, oh here watching Animals eat Agye felt all Humns should Pdli glasses
I do turns out to be many times explained opined Glasses night fall Animals monitor should Firr you
Bag Boy phela Din phela Show Love
Way to buy the unpleasant ladaki, the request may be deleted meraiyai
Classes Ban Ki Bolvud been the No. Look Was the # Slman_khan movie Dhamaal these reasons # Bjrngi_baijan
As Sallu BRO ....
Salman bhai forgot what
Mai ho fane aap ki bahut jiada her movi jis Mei aap ho kush ajiv khushi apnapan aap say lagta ha bha bat guan ba say dua karty ha Mai request behg do pls bat Karni ha
I want it i want it i want itttttttttt ???
Salman Khan Best of all C
Super hit effluent
Y you have a V film Hanne Dekna extracts chhora ....
Cracked Salman same Fati Lookup
Good moreninga Salman bhai
Amazing movie swear sputter Mcheg Dhumkkslman sir .... I love you. <3
Salman effluent Super Dupr I pray hits with L 0 they shall effluent
Salman bhai I was a big fan
Gad Morning brother
Sallu gym mat
Fast daey 70 crore bahijaan
Slu c Kbi Halo then No. No.
Love shall Salman bhai ... pray to your movie that God will break all records to date
Thief's
Brother John May's work on your film Super Dupr hit.
Really be Salman Khan Answer me
supprrrrrrrrrrrrrrr salllu bhai
Looking hottt salman...
Inshaallah will Jobi back A c,
If the infamous Muslim name your page Unlike cordon c and poet Sultan not pray for you in the # @ @
Mr. Love shall Waikkhuda always yours with Y
The patchy Srksera May Your Bodigurd will ..
Muslims Pljh Open Ur Eyes worth Salman Khan only hate
Super super super salman bhai
What do you know for bajarangi brother.
Baby pork
Brother John Hats
Slu c Pljh once gallons Take them my ID before Mjse Eid will be 0 to Pljhjhgh
movie to hit tio hogi sure bhai ki movie wo v eidd pe
salman flap ab
God keep you happy forever. Amen.
Shahid Kapoor did not you Invite @ sale
very very nice trailer
Brother John, we've heard that are close to you when you complete them all expanded Pljh brother Collect once spoke to me G.E. Brother Love shall Always
Nice Movie 200 million will easily earn
Superhit 800 crores
300 Krore will earn rest
victory tope thiseid CCI ,,,,, eidmovarak
Bhai bhai sabaka salu
Slu also Minister Your Biggest Fan Jai Bajrangi Bhaijaan
Very very niece tailor
May you have a small Fine Hu
Asked Big Fraud
lovee uuuu saluuuu
Oooops wow yar
Oliy domineering brother
What do all the commandments of San bajarangi brother
Salman sir...<3
Photographers G .. allah aapko sari khushiyo say navajay ..sayad aap humko bhul ghai lakinhamari saash rukh jayghi hum ushkya baad bhi aapko nahi bhulayghay .. allah hafis
I wish you never difficult to carry out the Ashn hobnob understand we love you Salman Khan
Advanced Eid Mubarak
We have the Father
Sir Mr. Love scheme. I'm big fan of yours, sir. Do you wear a T-shirt Give me sir. I dont Hun Sir Jikmay from Haryana. Sir 9991865726
He Superb Salman Khan c Gudluk ???
# Gold what is ..
Do not Ehsmaa on the Moj do me a favor
Salman sir I have the extraordinary amount of fan please call me 7726066179
Doing strongman has record-breaking collection
Bahja Festival Mbhrk ......
347 Heal bajarangi any box office
Salman Khan you infidels shame be Bgta Muslim girl Aj Bay Tiji the religion Islam Sea Pilne
Mast Brother
Brother John is what name to Fb from the original angle
Sala infidel Bhnchod see come your movie is to hit. . . . . !
What do you think schools about Shaydi. You will Shyadi do or Kvre. I'm having a great Tanson.
Father will be shopping the rest just shopping Ammi
Salman If you do not cherish did not talk to me. Your finished my tale finish
Salman tu reply q nhi kar raha please please
So please Salman you know that your page is on how people Chiii you please not a reply two
Salman here and also a lot of monkey is I just love you please to reply
Eid Mubarak is gorgeous
Nothing was just reported Sand
im Rohit vasfoda
Sale sab accha krta he agar comment pad rha he to sonle kuch logo ka dil bhi bohot bura todhta he ab tak sare first show dekhe lekin isbaar tone dil todhdiya sallo
Minister of Ur Big Fankkash once you Dk husband.And I will definitely come back one day
You on how and.
All Look Salman all the reasons to say Rhakkhud guilty Phlekkdunia just Bukti
Cut in a Tri
Today was an incidence greater than one address Nhhh them what happened ...
I love you Salman sir kaash main apse baat kar pati..i miss you..<3
Guests Salman thousands ... Hhhhhh .... all what will happen to speak the same ???
Salman Sir silver silver .. (:
Salman ye poor of pain Yo Hey Grtemn
hy bodegurd you my friende.love you....
Ban I'di Happy head in Salman's fan in May Supper which Levey Panga'm sorry
Story cool movie and you're cool ............
Mr. Hate shall Salman Khan you as a person I saw Nai said the world
Salman Khan's brother Kan'ti Viet ... Wish today is Friday ... Bajrangi Baijankkin advance, Eid Mubarak
Eid Mubarak Salman bhai
Eid Mubarak to you once reply Turn Plus
Eid Mubarak fears
Just like a kick
Hmm yesterday Muj had happened Feel
Overnight awake Rhakktujhse she kahna chaha..mujhe tera ab bhi tera injaar Hai..mujhe ab bhi thujhse pyaar haiâ € "feeling ekta
How Salman sir ... what about your Eid ???
Your movie will earn 350 million
bad karna chahti hun mud thik nahi hai sab so rahe hai mammy aur chhoti bhan college jane ke liye jaldi uthti hai aur rat me bhi 12 1 baj jata hai sote isliye dophar me so jati hai papa bhi so rahe hai
Picker years.
Sallu u jst fav
Brother Movie Hits no need to take tension
Best actor.....salman khan
I love Salman khan i love india
Eid Mubarak and hits (film) Happy advance.
300, crore insha Allah
Salman Khan's brother, a friend with scheme with all Ur movie? Inshallah will more often than not once Kkjitni possible time Bajrangi Bhaijaan? Will also Ahi advice other people ..
Got brothers and I have ordered business Jai Bajrang Bali
best Of luck dear salman khan ..............<3
Now it really Salman Eid schools do
or bhai sub ko bol do kye ap mare bhai ho ap ko kasm hai ap ke bhai bhai samj kar agar ap moje bhai samj te ho to facebook par boldo kye babar khan mangi mara friend nh balke bhai hai ap ki bhai babar
Brother you te wall on Facebook will these things be
Brother John Eid Mubarak Supose 6 Kror these Bajrangi Bhaijaan
very nice song bhar do jholi salman bhaijan 09627010944 plz cl me plz plz plz
I sub Jasi Chati Honkapun style and your Stayle be V Himmot ha a Jasikapaka heart me a Moca The Jekso Godbless.
Phavoyurite be Salman Khan's Eid Mubarak
The film Salman Bayat Insirt Kri ha of Hindus in Bajrangi Watts was Rakí Yes No If no cooking
Very wrong you you have have a against Salman Bia Muslims
You r great Salman sir .... You're L.actor after first 1.Achha insan ho .... Ummid hai Aap hindu or muslim ke sath aa rahe apwad jank bayano ko gour nhi ​​farmayege ...
Sala Salman Teri Aukat Kya Hai Hmm Chutiya Gandu .......... is Nmaz reads a Vkt what ......... aur abhi tak kuwara hai bhadwa sala
2 micro 15 Biggest Flops Flog will flop flop a film of films and a Muslim are not seen Salman dog movie
Your mother and your sister Bur Mter cockscomb
Woovvv! Bajrangi Bhaijaan will hit ... pray to my god oh this film super-will Duprhit ...
Bikkmuvi will Blockbuster brother
Super Boss
John Boy, I miss you I miss you Eid Mubarak
Allah movie App's to be released in Bajrangi Bhaijaan South Thetr
The formidable fun Baijan Hello trailer
Rndiko the film when Horha Release
Salman bhai Just you live you are expected in the industry and many other
Salman G just me ..... right Salman and solid, a Lye I can do B ......
These will hit the picture brother But Mr. dot
Brother's baby girl look cute than Kareena with you.
Brother get everything ready tomorrow first day first show what happens
Muslims speak Huye serum is coming
Salman Where to Extend away from Hudud traitor shame o Haya Islam
Horribly flop your Nv cell Bjrdagi Jake Cast Chung car already ####
Eid Mubarak Baijan you
yoo....hit hitZ nd hits
Lol Hramjhadi adopted what humiliated whom Muslims Allah instruct you Kray Amin
Thanks Bajayaan ... My Bday pay received to date happened to the cute gift .... Bajrangi Bajayaan ....
happy eid salman sir
Brother Bajrangi Bhaijaan Pendnt me ... Today's party in barley Mrriyt hotel on my behalf Song launch ... Thँks brother
From Nashik brother soil ... I was alone did you meet in Mumbai ...
Salman Bajhaan Eid Mubarak written material you film will best scheme
hmm heart touching moVie
bhai'great movie
I wsh you a free free hppy eid Mubarak.
Movie watching Kekkaansu be Yrkkveri Good Movie
John Eid Mubarak brother
Brother Large
Fddu trailer Baijan. ...
superstar salman bhai
Love shall brother-in-law Salman Khan
The Very Nice ... Salman sir you very many wished Eid to me .....
flop. thaki huee moviee. bigg flo[
The trailer is great. Nd hero is handsome
awesome trailer <3
No second name Nai got what, this has also pit heroes known films before ..
This movie Salaam brother will not save?
Salman brother Ahsa not Huawei Movie gtk the Produke can not ....
John tremendous brother ..
hurkuchhhhh ultimate ....blockbuster
supperrb salman khan..
nice salman bro
Sees Baijan .. cool schools
kucch naya kahaani nahi hai sirf action mai jayda focus kiya hai new action hero ........... superhit because of salman .....
Do Dunlod the Apps Surrey
K mehu hero tera..... amazing song..
Fuck Baikkbs give your movies drinks. Sale of 500 million minimum guaranteed !!!
That was fun.
Hi salman bai
Howar you salman bai
Brothers seem to know something missing C ... know Nai why .....
Salman bhai Zindabad ... Love the bag ...
Bajrangi brother lives Mca singing this time wash May Registration
Mast Biii
Pat Na brown ....
Super Brother Sun this Rokking
Bekaar how gi
1 no trealir bhai
Report assalamualayakuma Brother
Trailer I do not Salman Khan not see
Salman brother on you will be the movie itself will go see
Here ran Almost prison was criminal
The new opera was installed I just add the Open
Are Liku
Are looking or not?
Superb floop salman khan
Salman khan bollywood ki shan ban chuka back to back blockbuster superhit movi name dabbang. Hriady. Bodyguard. Ek Tha Tiger. Dbbng2. Hail. Kick. Bajarangi bahizan superhit jayagi 300 fix
Awesome..tiny salman khan.
John Mast Brothers
i also watching this itx Fabulouss movie hmmm
All the brother of Salman Khan's brother Eau Lowe
If you're a child of the real men might have the answer must be
salman khan Tera jo being human ka fashion show kiya tha us mein ek model Dress pehna tha jis mein ALLAH likha hua tha, jab se hum tere se nafrat karte kamine sale salman khan kutta
awsm trailer with dhasuuuu fights
Loved it
Abe Thuu on your film on you and your trailer.
I saw your movie trailer i like ur al movie.
Nayaksaka trailer bhaijana
Brother to go ahead and give a reply and if you reply.
You have a lot of luck to be your movie
Salman bhai month must see you film
Man worship what became a matter not
Neeraj Kuttekkya Mjato will Mjato Iyenga cell dog
Salman brother Sooraj Pancholi's Offikl Fan page link Cardey post your Wall pe ...
Sir, kyant Veit phra # bhajarangibhayijan <3
feeling so excited for tomorrow .. :) #Bhaijaan <3
Very right brother ... brother .... :)
Brother killed a number of man's mind has also callers Tuns set NICE ONE BRO
Embraced the G
John Superb Sallu
Old Best Friend Good Luck Always
Gdrrrrr voice actor brother www Love shall Sllu
I love Salman Sir My No 7535964415 Ap of Bhutt Hu sturdy fence I love spending
Salman Man be improved Brother Q is dirty Hrkte Man
Nick ... the matter has been active ...
luv u sir. wah sir kya baat Hai. lovely voice. superbbbbbbbbbb idea.
Devil your P6 area ... Nice Baijan
Halo #slmn #sir kya mujhe ek reply mila ga plzzzzzzzzzzz
John Reddy Like You Sallu Bhai
I Love You .... Mera Shona John mammumuuuuuaaaahhhhh
Smells Tripathi fast de How Jyogi
Yar utthav verma phone ????
Guyssss is my profile picture she looks .. ???
Salman brother You Chorr schools. Rascal Dog .
Moving your mother's Cuy
Awesomee bhai jaan
In the skin
Gguyssss is my profile picture she looks .. ???
Sallu Bhai was fun
Caller might have if he himself Salman Khan? Oko Oko
Nic pic salman
My love feast (Eid Mubarak is Bjranj Bahja)
Salman Baijan Eid Mubarak
Love u bhai
Nice sllu baiiii
Pick was fun Laws soft phone on man: P
Did he shall block
All 1 Baijan
AREY wah herd
Hello sir i Have you ever been talking to me something that I want to share with you
Tell me what is so you Nita trade secrets
Also known Love scheme
Awesome tune<3
The sound of your voice dog Sam thief Muslims only
Pljh period in Bangladesh Your Big Fan Mate shall +8801719447771 Pljh period Sallu Bhai mate shall Fan
Sallu Bhai Your Fan Pljh period in Bangladesh +8801719447771 mate shall all news stock at all time Pljh period Sallu Bhai Jai
Mubarak Bahja Festival. .
.... with a lot of brothers who set hmammamma is acha lag raha ....
Talk brother is different. . The out of leave.What.. Brother Salman. . .
Brother ... do not have the original voice ..
Avesme you .... Brother ..
I love u salman khan love u love u love u love love u so mach
Salman brother brother brother
abhi bhi sant rahu tumhara dimag to thik hai tumhe abhi tumhe samajh nahi aarha na jis din koi aur mujhe koi aur lejaega sadi karke usdin samajh aaega tumhe abhi baithe raho tum
Hello said Baijan
Wow bhai jaannnnnnn
If you can show that these are
Salman's star potential to look at
Or Hangove r Teri Yado
Bajrangi Bhaijaan. Why put Sllu named Flim
Awesome look bhaijaan
Sala Creep Sallu Bhai became Bjrdagi Ramadan Mahineme dog fuckin idiot Sallu .... Listen Muslim brothers and sisters will only fooling this time Sllubai
Bajrangi time out from his new Sardar bangaya
Salman bhai tell App whether one Taj Mahal is unique in India and the second is what I app responds Chaiye app say to my getting all comments reads
Coming Salu Mia calls we meet Baijan
Brother the Best Brother will be able to film only Salman bhai
Do not answer
chl ht salman
Aslam micro Alekum Huh tight Salman bhai Ap Ap dens like you Huh
John Boy I Love sallu
Do not forget to just see tomorrow
Say save everyone, just me Ilwa OK
Brothers brothers
I Salman addict Love shall Salman G
Are Cutiye people what this bastard speaking it Eid Mubarak's MLM of Ramadan and Eid Why celebrate ... it just means money
Bajrangi is Baijan as there can not be and his movie Mashallah
ye tb possible he jb aap hme bataoge k aap pak kb aoge kaha tehroge aur me aap se kase milo i promise ak dafa os baad aap ko cal kerne ka kbi nai bologi na i milne ka just one time plz
He keeps the brother
The angle is Muslim brothers. That infidel him Acha cruel Great Bolray
If a fat be to eliminate or health wants to be or wants to make body +919501037881 in Pljh Contact
Apkeliya fellow salman
Wow is awesome hii iam Salman khan phone uthao yar khan phone uthao yaar very very very nice voice iam so happy i love you Salman.<3
Sallu Mia give a reply to your hand psi.
Eid Mubarak by Jean
Handsome asked <Three
Patch are you not speaking Already he Dechyka
Your Previous hit it my Tmmanna
Or even details for you
Be rude to eat what is happening
gold aur silver ke shear kharid ke bhul jao agar aage chal kar kabhi koi us businesses me jana chahe to shears bhech kar original kharidle nahi to wo rahega aise hi
By uploading Salman PHOTOS spoil Fb
Hear you read sub Comments: * <3
Happy brother is in the film earn 1,000 crore today at the party on behalf of you
all the best+EID MUBARAK 2 SALMAN,LOTS OF REGARD2 ELDERS+LOTS OF AFFECTION LOVE young!
Made Usm export
Madarchod supar dupar flop ho gae teri movieâ € |BUHUBALI ROCXxx :)
The law before you leave my land issues no spoken
Year by warning Muslims not right
Salman i love you please call amarok please i love you salman pleze camme pleze
Mily like full of life thee not hurt Mehki God of happiness of your Eid alive Rhy name Abad thee Happy inscribed Work
I meet Salman Khan Plus Help
Would you talk to us
The Movie May Always own Salman is Frnds
Brother I am speaking I am a big fan of heart .. snapped loses his brother who Sallu Bhai .... Zuma Happy Wishing u all the best Ur New Movie. ..
Kas mother Apaka special friends dominates Our Apki close Rhtakcas mother Kiskkis mother tap the Kreb Hotakmubark Ho.apco Rosa.
Eid Mubarak wrapped a Salman
Whatever bajarangi sand Todd is de enemy vessels. Sin phisrta phisrta Shows Amazing Day Movies
Salman live what you believe even Eid Mubarak please tell c please
Love you shall Slmankkkya you sleep ..
I'm superman but salman ka fan
Sallu bhai mera no. 9861674485 ye mera ijat ki sabal he bhai jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAaaaaaaAaaaaaaaan
heart touching movi
You seem very cute
Brother my SIM DoCoMo i is the minimum level Bhat
Cool Movie Bajrangi Bhaijaan Osm ??
Salman sir I am putting No.Then sound you will hear my voice.
Sir you won what movie t
Salman sir bahot acchi movie hai super hit blockbuster movie.
awssmmm movie salman sirrrr super salman sirrrr
The song not only that Modi's striving color as soon as they one day see the entire world and only Turkmenistan. Only .. Great Modi
Love u sir love u soo much urs I'ts beautyful vedio ...
Hey Sur law before Prao our Indian children .... Firr Vedesh My Go Man
He! Expressions of as beautiful song Utnihi is beautiful and melodious voice.
All was perfect was Gnkcotisi salute Doll
He Lata asking
Spirit and a reflection of purity of mind voice of the daughter, happy daughter.
Jai Hind Jai Hindmeri Btn Tuje Slammodi G salute you
I wish went Modi came first from Manmohan Singh .... Today 2015, our country would have access to food
India Dikhaijra student on torture Karra no results, and there is Jokra dust in their eyes
:OOO
The song not only this will show Modi's striving color as they one day meet world this is just Turkmenistan. Only .. Great Modi ......... Great
Modi world of Msiha O ... is quite Kun 6 and beyond ....
Bah master what style smaller your Duniako Hila.
Avsome ... It says to leave the impression of India in the whole world ...
Hi General Modi !!
Modi is a tribute to Warm you waved flag of India in the whole Universe ......
V Good Modi you Legge we are with you
Fantbulous ... We proud of you Modi Ji ... Hamare desh ki tasvir bhi sudharti nazar aa rahi h, sablogon me badlao dikh raha h ... India ko apke jaisa hi PM chahiye..Bharat ki kuch zamini samsyaye bhi h jaha dhyan dene ki zarurat h ... asha h ki jald hi unme bhi sudhar ayega.
She Services c are now land in the right hands level seems so see you
It's not Hindi Its Urdu and Boliwood if you succeed because of Urdu
Narendra Modi on Facebook What are Bkchodi Pale This work Krlo Pljh!
I wish all of Bangladesh and Pakistan B Gate Toh how nice
wah wah Turkes
Masha Allah Good .... it my Hindi
Wah Wah Maja Aa Gya !! Indian Govt. should host an International Hindi song compitition !! Tarrakki bahut ho gayi ab thoda entertainment ho jai, 'Kyo bhayio aur behno' ???
I oppose Modi in ignorance anger comes on those bitches Hindus ..
India can not prevent you from becoming the world's master ...... Vande Mataram
Sir, it's just you can. Great head
Modi jigood preiminister hia
Jai sri ram namo name
Faith mass not Jai Hind reduced
Modi is ahead the whole country with you.
The guess is like Ussr had heard of Raj Kapoor's films he remains to this day.
They Damn Proud hour Pt; Now looks schools of our country has begun a good way where we can bury your flag over the World
Modi seems quite right to think of progress is not be all due to the development of the country this is the most important
bhrat ko no.1 banne me ab jyada samy nahi lagega ,, kyo ki modi ji jaisa pm bade bhagya se milte hai ,, jo bharat ki rftar ko bdane me koi kasar nahi chodege ,,,,,,,,, Jai Hind, ,,,,,
Children's hearts have to be a path on the lane true mind must inevitably Vandana's schools this song.
KARTIKEY KUMAR modi hi des ko is agÅ can Brea
Hahaha old Bcio are going to wire
Sometimes it will clearly not happened and no. .
No Hindu, no Muslim is not we all Hundustani
Modi to kill you is my job, I Khalistani Huuuuuuu
Modi My request to you is not your Whatsapp so I live Previous experience you logically
Modiji ap apne desh ka tirnga sari duni me lahraya hum sabko Garv hai ap per maa bharti ka man duniya me badhaya apne ap hum bhartvasio ke dil me bas gaye ho salute sir apko jai hind
We give you Denakabi then won the state and won election to the format we have won 12 seven us and won us 65 to seven.
Pt then Modi as G Hind Jai air tight
Come bisbasa value was emphasized ...
He does not look like this
Modi is the only such person only which can take the country forward and passion
Is great India is great son Har Har Modi
Modi is your need further let
Hail Mother India's and our culture that foreigners adopt
Modi Sir app before Obs president. Do something for Obs. Later, nobody will do anything
Everyone's master is one.
Modi Sab Pranam App bahut Achya kam kar rahe hai is kam me ham sab apke sath hai or meri apse vinti hai ki app apni tabiyat ka khayal rakiye app or app jivo hajharo sal vande matram bharat mata ki jai
Treating Modi KALE Kuto Two very sick
Sir app ke jo soch he subko sath me leke chalna ek din ye soch appko itna upper lejayega chahe koye appko bhulne ki kosis kerenge to unnke samne appko bhulna nehi balki desh ko bhulna nazar aayega.
Jai hind modi sir
Qiu app are poor money of his country Hokkapane country seen so moving Nhikkap moved Dusre country Gumnekkkoi task will not ask Modi c ..
Enough walking rev. Now being above water head.
Jai Hind My India My India
World's Best Pt Narender Modi Mira India is great
Lagerho Modi whole country is with you.
Sir U and UK, have been just Bidesh city or country of the child care business will be, how the womb, we do have Mr.
PM Ka Samman .......... Mera Samman .... Jai Hind
Hail Hail India
What is c
You side cortical and thoroughly
Quickly come PEB some form is not reaching Httyaan across 45
Slute u sir app is very striving
Congrats modi jee
Modi then you go wrong enter your work, two not anyone listen to that five children are also required to comply
Sir hum sab digital india ke platform pe chalna chahte hai.mai samghta ho kifirst priority hmre force ko hny chahiye becaymuse unhe sabse jyada digital hona must hai india ke liye.
Modi all
grt step 4grt relation...nic job sir
Some do not you India
Add me friends
As long as the sun will Chand Modi to be named
Unstoppable modi sir
Jada ghumte mat raho hamlok ko madat karo hamar bare socho jara ham madat magte to mili nahi qq
Modi take care if your country is just Pt Flti to be made Pt Gumne
Modi is a level of what he would change course India Star says my Baio and Bheno
Modi ji namashkarSorry to say but aap jab v kahin Facebook pe kuch share karte hain to status ko English me update karte hai ... Khusi hogi jab aaapka updates hindi me
Jai Hind Kskchauhan Bhinmal Jalore
World of Technology will develop the Des bring
Prnam G wants May to some country i just need your bit to find out if my job easier and Khubshurt will our country.
No extra time
Sir, you're moving on Holiday forgot to India and flew a peso you only Nai appear Toh India
Halo Modi
App country Ddkn Jahind
The big follower of devotees.
Modi Our Hindustan name forever Ucha Rknakjay Bharat Mata Jai ​​Hind ..
Sir Jay namasthae gurudheva
j banda kam kar raha hai ham maze le rahe hai jab sey india ke pm bane hai tab sey laga gai great man in the world ......... best pm in the world ..... only one on one ......
Modi Ji. App mearaku thoda call krdejia. 0096555218960
Is desh ko jarurat h guidelines ki Varna itani jayada aabadi ka desh world no.1 not Sktakjo vikas ke raste mai aata hai. He was always able to finish. Chahe wo koi party ho ya galat insan desh ko tarakki chahiye kisi bhi keemat par.
Carry on, sir.
Sir, Hello. Mai Bihar se hun aur aapka jabardash prasansak hu, Aap jo desh ke liye niswarth bav se kam kar rahe hai, aapko sadaib best p.m ke roop me jana jaega. salute to you sir.
Our civilization our identity ...
Fun when back Kohinoor Lao
Like you people like you gifts as soon as Indians did you sir.
Respected Sir, today, there are hopes of India ... a new dawn you have shown to the public is ... you sun also Take ...
Only government
Modi, please speak to raise their is then told that enabled him courage once please take not Sbsiti I agree that enabled those reservations will not
Hail Modi
Head to talk to you is important
Sir do you thing? Lotus!!!!
Increase country Gaurav aayushman impossible
Sir, if you have a little time Toh please enter anything Nojwano this country .. Please Please msg me for more information
Great Pt Honor may be all that only our Modi
To run your country Bola roaming around are redeemed its Miya ..
Do some form Otherwise 2017 Mebsp received Will
Modi Saab These Which country ???
Jai Hind Manio Prime salute the country's military was not military recruitment but in Monterrey law does Hunjai of Hind Jai Mata
Modi You have million accounts came Pt ​​thousands Slamkbhut But Aptho Imnder drivers Pt Best of
Hello Sir, the way they want to improve the condition of the country. In the same way we please just focus on such Peoples.
Modi Ji Kay sare kam acche hay par ek kaam bura hay inko aapan ne jitaya election hay ya World Tour package Purana PM to silent mode or naye PM flight mode hamare desh ki to kismat hi kharab hay
It was India's public Modi who hopes they are still far of something strong to be in the future and thither Kiyki longer than O
The Har Har Modi, Home Minister Modi is going to be carrying on student Kongresio pain to see your Yttr
Taking moving the entire Dunia Chutia throughout India dog fuckin
Modi country has relied on you to live up to our expectations
The day I swear in the Prime Minister will stop all leaders subsidized food in our country will also return their share of the subsidy in the day.
India ke sabse lokpriy pm modi ji mai aapse request kartahu pm banne ke baad aap mp ke satna nahi aaye please aap jab bhi mp aaye satna aagman ko acsept kar lijiye. Tnku
Nice Person Abi surabhata modiji Hota Hai is on the High Age Age
Modi let you move people with you.
India Lion Pkm Modi wants Intro to every country to country Khobio cholera Indian
Gandhi and you glorify India's name, but the Visva-Bharati in not only the country of its image Wish shall all the best
India's Shan Narendra Modi But, what of Bihar Modi
Urgent work is Modi c with you
Long live Mother India
After Gandhi Gandhi Gandhi these Gandhi made what fool the people selling the land
Jai Hind Jai Bharat Mata Ki Jai
Pujaya Narendra Modi Good evening my one Swpn same Apaksat a Selpi Puto Chaiya grace Dijia Place
Modi, you would go where he made all his, Good Wishes For You
Jiao hind jai bharat
Modi nation's largest.
maharani laxmi bai, tatya tope, Subhas chandra bos, ajad, Bhagat etc are the true leaders
Gandhi's respect Itnato Congress did not
Country to move forward you need
(Gandhi) is Freezing received Murderer. O Killed Subhas f. Bose
Don't forget godse
One Aires man Nehru
India will never be able, not even behind China .....
Pkmknmo is Namo today were buzzing all over the world because of only Modi thanks
Modi set to get worse in the country grain ???? ???? What are you thinking about it
Second Mahatma Gandhi of India Nerndra Modi's Har Har Modi, Home Minister
Jay Hindkmera country great
A new history will Krakal of Modi.
Today Mahatma Gandhi looks the image of Swami Vivekananda in Pkmkmodi G. Modi
Kabhi SUBHAS CH Bose & Bhagat Singh ki bhi baat kiya karo sirji .... Jisne desh k tukde kar diye us aadmi (Gandhi) ki murti anvaran karte phir raheho @ narendra modiji
maine kai bar suna ki bharat ek din bishwa guru banega. lekin yakeen nahin hota tha. per aap kee lagan aur karya shaily se ab poora yakeen ho gaya, bahut jaldi bharat maha guru ban jayega. India goddess.Mummy.
Mast are Modi all look
Moved the discussion in whatever country Mhnta his country Bhut is good
Modi keep you Lgarhe much money wander mortgage what country
kal modiji nagpur jar nam len sir he vinti aahe sir
My whole ,,, is much ,,, pair Family Modi head
Vande Mataram. ..Jai Hind. Jay India:
Modi Bangladesh Number is Krleta all Vume of Hindu India Mother L'Cley Pljh Eha Muslim Hindu Dkal and they thrive Aneti
Modi is doing a lot to carry forward his country's turn has awakened the youngest in the country ..... Jai Hind
Modi Sir welcome you and we need you Sir
Sir do you talk to us
India will build nine Modi, Modi powerful nation Zi banavena
Jai Hind Modi
Liberal is Bhuj Pakistan pills our Indian army and has joined hands with Nawaz
Just so you bucking Keep us with you ...
Modi ji sorry bidesoon main mat ghoomo apne naitaoo saansdon ko pakdo belagaam hote ja tahe hain gareeboun ki socho 1 2 Rs ki policiyon se kuch nahi hoga moti aasamiyoun se paisa nikalo gareboun se nahi
Good Deed Modi brother ...... we make our country Golden Sparrow again level .... That dream has come true ... would not that God selected you ... Tnku God ... 4 Modi
Mr. Modi. Assam and is a game in Meghalaya called me bond O Ter Pljh Usha.
My Pt Super Dupr Namo Namo
Modi ji Jai Ram Ji
They keep Duaa all Brrt Venseyo with the full force with you a
Modi Pakishtn will give a befitting reply
There is no benefit from them all look ????
What Pt come in Bihar. Want
Sir Amazing Krdi also abroad.
Chanakya said .. if you have to move a step forward first 10 steps and put back
Pandit ji has Toh prove all over the world to India will grow with them.
Modi under
He heads it being taken Nai to be moved which place, might have called me right ... LOL: D
He just called said the same
So energy is Prhaps is no Pkmkrha India, while Prey your Liya God, with all ... all development .... Hail
Modi mission : 2 establish world brotherhood...grt man grt thinking @ Modi : a boon 2 earth
Modi to go ahead we are with you ..
Modi c where also came to bury their flag.
Concerned about Modi's growing population of India has secured which has been carrying on the way to fall to India
Our country going forward, arouse enthusiasm in people, Narendra Modi God bless always happy.
What do you say Pt g
Mr. Love Ukmodi Sir Jankibi balanced in hand to demand the need Hstekdedege you Sub Sintk
These are where the magic is Modi is loved ones
Modi some Sridhar Caryen land law
Lov ways and be
Yes yes yes
Also i am your big fan
Modi YOU does Slute in the right brain
Dead. Pt We are proud of you. Manish Kumar, Nasriganj
The country after a long time had a capable and not capable leader who is also popular abroad.
Of India's people vote Vlu O Avo Modi, here Bhut Problems in Smac Eyenakindia Solvay in Delhi
Alone he can do ......... lonely man mountain can not dig
Jai Hind, Vrot Mata Ki Jai
Modi do you see But be great like you somewhere out of the relationship, leave not your 5 years ..: P
You Are Great Modi hail overgrown with our head proud because of Dunia
Sicha pays no attention not cue the Department's most important people in their children read the Q in place private Kallego State College
agr is desh me badlaw lane hai to sampark kre 9451551081, pe mere pass sujhaw aur tarika dono hai teachero ka vetan bhar bdhate jao jo sote hai collego me soche fir comment kre
ghumna band karo modiji ab thoda sarkar ko bhi dekhlo ..............................
UK Prime Minister Modi Jai Hind
Pt Modi very moderate growth guy
Modi you are enjoying Muchha only been rocking Teo G watch you work, TV. Mood leg not seen fresh, Kongrtultions G
Honorable and Honorable Minister Narendra Modi is proud of this era that you Iron Man I, you can rank-degree bow
Modi We are proud app will then develop Lakin country will be like when thinking of all Indians Appake
Today awakened my country conscience confluent Honable Pt
Modi None thank you as a son like you how to serve the nation worships his mother
Narendra Damodar Modi c good day when will Babu. There is no way.
PPP model Cirman in Rajasthan Lalit Modi
Tajikistan has Gurudev Tagore, Mahatma Gandhi set backs are made by India's emotional unity sundaridha
Ours will not vote if you wore that day Muslim caps
A tribute to the Great Bibhutio is the most valuable way of true Dridhta Kapako regards bow
Vikash Hello App well Gurdev good of all
You Hinduism never forget
King of Hindustan Brother
Good thinking Pt Narendra Modi
Pljh head is talking to you
This time the government
Oh Great ,, .. get Nai energy to see you every day you make biswa sowing Xiao Hazoro years sir and India ..
Tusi Bast Pt be Modi Sade I'm Punjabi
What Sir O add kindness news paper Sons jobs in your national employment plan ???
Matter is mailed to you Muhhhhha you must answer the
modi ke maki chooooooooth me mera booooooooooolaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Bharat Mata G
Make it dint pljha
BJP VIJAY hooooooooooooo
You also false promises turned out to thy promise to ...
Your Pt rage he c ...
Pt Saab your swatch India sent a picture of the capital of Himachal mission Maine yesterday. Take a look at her course
Dear Narendra Modi Pt g Apakesa good night
Pt uncle this time will make public a new Bihar BJP government
Dewlope not just in villages in Shro.
The Vajpayee had many choices. His great great. After app Dry Sir Shri Slute war
Never been in Modi?
Pt hail Modi
Knowing about your mouth if you go all the information about me
very beautiful. Hearty Subkamnaie
Modi .... we vote for you, but I feel now the disease of O
Greetings, Hail
Good morning to all of Undertaking Narendra Bhai Modi Jai Shri Krishnthanks then Both of Usngeeta Patil Mlvijay Kumar Vicky forest Sonijay Krishna
Modi is one such Shashank is making India is the India of Vaky progress now went Hindustan Mr. Love Government
Modi head Namo Nmokhumko womb comes into Kiuki Diaha birth to our Matribhumi Birpurus so.
None of your business plan plan has not been used properly .....
I want to get you Who but I can not find Pavga
Modi, how are you .. are being put to Deyan abroad sir .. sir you I'm talking to Ajao and values ​​please hurry Waiting for per head .. Take care, sir
Narendra Modi in Pljh court cases are pending let justice no way such plans early
Election jantak chunne k hota h ya neta juth bolte h bade2 wade karte h, lakin wahi'ENGRAGI SASAN'Ise badlega kon jise humne chunna h lakin wo badlega to wo satta sukh, bade2 ghotale, janta ka pesa janta k leya kyo pryoge nahi ja am,
Brother moves Rhio work no work
And will Banda h is not going to be around come the government money.
Jb chunane ka aadhikr janta ko h to, jb unhe lage ke galat aadmi chuna gaya h to, 5yr kyo sahe uske tanasahi, reject kre usa, isse neta janta k pirti jyda jimmadare honge.
Sunilji universe Lion Our Modi
India will be resolved so in India would not have any person Aduketed
Pljh Modi Explain your country Bsioko Buddha's birth in Nepalmen happened and not India.
Modi sir .... u Biharkbikojh Naksesri BJP Government in Bihar ....... Har Har Modi, Home Minister .....
Be just wander and India turned into hell let your Modi's story
He has not done anything ... They do not know .. but he will walk the course World completed in 5 years
Background music Pljhkkful Mangu not out Maangu I Sanam thy love Mangu?
Modi you dash Khenhi Sbeka Diloke Pkmkho
As long as the sun shall the moon as long as Modi government will .... Jai Hind
Har Har Modi house Modi All World Modi Good work sir
How beautiful this photo schools
Modi day Thousands O Uanke chair getting cows cut the B pork throw cows on the cuts is to slice or hot legs hanging the intersection of two years
See the big attention
The more money the politicians are spending roam abroad that he would fill the then distributed to the populace how many
Do Aki murders stop Sir Gay
Vkt right, nirnay sahi, sachi mein sahi waqt par sahi nirnay lenevala hamare saath hai tho, hamare bharath ko our bharat vaasiyon ko our kya chahiye sir ji. We are all with you sir.
Why should be no string faint. He clearly the best.
Bapu c Nirdos they bring out Uko quickly
Now should be voted again BJP 7 seat not Mlegi Jai Rajasthan
Pt Foreign Minister also be Modi
Shreeji Jantar Mantra arrived! You're invited!
The Very Best of Modi
Modi ji apne kaha tha ki assam se sab bangladesi jald hi jayenge. Par apne to unko dawat pe bulawa diya. Jo naukile kata tar se assam ata he uske liye to apne volvo bus bhej diye. Apse hamko ye ummid nehi thi.
In the coming years your policy, India will be the next ... and your policy abroad very good level ...
Enjoy Krlo our money ... World Tour WV. .....
Modi This is the country that will make us stronger
Respect the dignity of women, improve the country developed nariki
The first country to "On Ban Shan" Dikt O, risen above us "proud" Hekslam so Pkmk
Welcome modi jee
Attention to not fall Hahaha from Sir bike
Great Modi
please sir apke rhte veto power dila dena ......................
Kamkkiknh who is who ..
Sir let you forward us your seven
Sir, it has been some move in his country, where electricity will come from water, and come when nowhere Road Hiachce day, you let
India is the embodiment of the country Pt Modi
Shove the Mullo ... Do tenacity
Which began seven day and night you
May go to Sir Reknekshn then what?
Kailash Vijayvargiya would be removed or all striving and our reliance on water Firwaiyega
India's merchandise as low roaming will fall 5 years since you will not come
modi Aur great pm.lekin un sainiko ka bhi koi solutation h jo jantr mantr pat 29 din se bhukh hardtal oar baitha h.aur hamara media is news ko dikha bhi nhi raha Hkvh India Media
All where good Hindosta our
Who can not stop cow slaughter it not our job
Thank You Sir Your journey will surely benefit the country App We are proud and your policies
Great sir '' until the sun moon will be named Modi ....
Modi Jindabad change the image of India await our country's strong
Tan and I salute Modi for the country.
Great modi ji welcomes
Today is the same desire in the minds of every citizen that Narendra Modi'll do every yuba
I sat sat
Welcome back dead Pankab how many days remain in India ??? The money comes not Saram be moving not ours be Bidesh than our money's whose father ???
Welcome mother Bharti are calling their neighborhood
Sir enter some of these Pakistanio ...... Some Pakistanis are also abuses of India who took the Daily Your name
As the G everyday that you meet up
Came Sehr
Sir, you need to talk not my head I No 9747375375
Dissat Punjab ... Ferozepur
Shame One does not have money for Rank One Pension forgotten Rewari first rally Pt Saab
Sir, you are working country you grew for him
Fkm Modi Jikaj mgnrega sab se top par hai.garamin chhetro mai esse playan ruka hai.lekin esme gram rojgar sewk, Jkik in sabka vawisy aap ke hath mai hai. Hum apne priwar ka laln paln dhang se nhi kr skte.bacho ko achhi shiksha bhi nhi de skte.
Jai Hind Shar
Out so the head, just out tour of the state of the country. As 2014 came out in elections. Now we see not much change has been / Change.
Spirit Modi c salute grade category
aabay india k sowar. cow ka peshab penay walay. Today Pakistan. tujhe karachi ka peshab khane ly jaounga. roz 3 liter pelaounga. or khane hai tujhe cow ka gobar bhe khelaounga. maa ke choot tere or teray bhen l loray BAGWAN ki
Sir g hum pad likh kar be barujgar ghum rhaye hain ..... hun etni mahnat kar kye pade or etna padne k babjud be koi kaam nhi mil rha sab paise kye piche hain sir g .... plz hlp me sir g
Do not talk of the future is .Our worse today.
I trust you so very nice improvement kabhi humne apne pm se nahi bola tha pehli baar hamari baat jaan pa rahi hai mujhe asahi pm hindustan ki zameen pe chahiye tha
Sir country intends to do something for the people of schools or moving in the Air India will
Congratulations to the successful trip abroad Sir
Sir, is there any cure unemployment have
Hail Modi
What they are tired photographer .. are Blrrad photo Ayi ...
ghar me padhare gajanand ji ab Ghar me padhare ..........
Those can also Dokha all over the world to pursue his dream
Are poor crying and you're car like
Prime Minister salute you Our Ramadan Eid Mubarak
Randy bapa India, the son of a farmer here sayakattaru
Ohhhah bsssa karrrrarra ghumam Modi loses its horror sew, there are a kamamama
It has and has not worked for switch to Kantry's
The country's misfortunes .. tea with Pkm ... and written Pkm quiet read
Congratulations IR level
The cackle of Lund has been redeemed his In scrubber
Extremist prick with hateful ideologies and hostile intentions towards neighbors. Ultimate dueschbag.
Be working
Mr. Heartli Slute die war. Prime Minister, your term will be a golden era in India's history Jai Hind
Modi ji aap ko sabhi ne vishvas kiya hai but us par pani phirte dekh rahe hai mp balaghat mai pani ki tenk kitne dino se saf nahi hui hai bahot log bimariyo ke ghere mai sab aap hi thik kar sakte ho
Do not send the country sell sell tea
Mera Bharat Mahan, Modi true man, Des Dilayenge right Phchankjay Hind Jai Bharat
Modiji govt wonderful programs; jaadu apka safai aapka-swach Bharat, paisa apka account apka-jhan dhan, body apka mat apka-Yoga Day, beti apka responsibility apka-beti bachao beti padau, mobile apka beti apka aur selfie be apka-Save Girl Child Program .. Amazing Faekuji ..
acche din aa gye ............
hiii modi jee kyai say ho aap hamarai bihar say aapko jada vott millai to bihar ko hi vull gyai hai pleace bihar ko taraki mai kijeeyai jaai say gujart ko tarrki mai kyahai
Kabhi to indiya me raho modi ji kasmir hamara janam shid adikar he 67 sal kangres ne bevkuf banaya ap ko jitaya he ab visvas mat todana piliz sar jitni bhi galt dhara he kasmir me use hatao baki des to ham yowa chalahi lenge
Doing farmers B. Hard work like schools but are having trouble in child plain farmers.
We ourselves understand the powerful fate of the country you are fifteen miles Jai Hind
Country you were born blessed Iron Man
Your small fan come on can come in head
Cases rand ka bacha,
Me your Bssniys Start funnel light is required 5 lux
Sir our country to have you had to get Freedom
Look once the Bihar
Modi our one Gujaris are we his own Elcoman sari to want to open a Sngsthan Lokoko help and Proyjn of help for it ......
The whole world today are looking towards India,
Bharatha Lovely Sonny Modi JAIYO
What happened to Vada he swore he intended
Does the Modi seem cool
Do good home guards logo Pechile after great work Krnakcota bit'm sorry Pechile
The Bhus 2. Dath Inc. scenes together
Do and Do not Brosa on dogs
Bless to recover the power system of Sir Pljh Jhansi, thanks.
Sir, you are lunches skill Devlopment Program, which will provide employment to millions of people !!! Thanks Sir
Sir Clean India mission to the cities from the villages of Lao Services Mission Jinmedari municipal council Uttrdaitw two Thanks
All all development ... molasses
Why Yua of Modi Bihar remain unemployed. Bihar are Surrey Yua Piss in dirty politics
All you sing Please help IPS Abitab Thakur as
Govt to develop must make hard and fast rules
Dear Prime Minister Job B. Some Kriye will not only solve the problem of employment policies for
Modi Saab c ,, drove Da Krः created Jayoge, a Kuj Kroge v ..
Sir Now clean sweep of Lalu Nitish in Bihar
Home Modi is Modi ends thinking Kjha logo Modi he began to think.
Modi George go ahead, we are with you Jay Bharat ....
BJP tell Bring Baapm any more then temple Kerr suicide
Modi is spreading body SKM ...
Your Skill scheme ghost gtk Helog learn to work at least unemployed so will new .... Thanks so clearly for it
He h as you plan Greatest We have a you Sir H
The country's development is everyone petrol and wants to do the same increase rate of diesel
Bikaner when they Tur. Condition of poor schools Bikaner. Surdna look at the village the road also Kabi on the street pe ..
To make India Digital Modi government Pt
Thnx sir
Believes in working party
Today Mr. Am totally confused ........ Bkjh May Vajpayee think Best Pt manta Thaab Modi Best of Pt. India will speak ,,,, Glory Glory
We are starving Sir
Dhanyavad open G, goodnight G
Modi ..... this is the wrong thing to communicate is installed Stage 3 million ..... Please Think About It
I hitherto did not listen to the development of ITI from a Pt I think it went to be initialised good days
Venerable Pandit G have future plan is closely good salute you.
India "Modi"
Great Modi, Duja None Like You
Mission to be good just apply right
Forget that some of Satna
Modi that made PT 10 years ago, is today India Tsbir second Sayd India is equal to China.
Do on the ground that more stop nonsense ..... abhi tak logo ki life par koi fark nahi huwa. ....... koi bhi plan ya policy ka ground par jakar feedback liya karo ..... policy launch karne se ya paise dene se janta ka bhala nahi hota. .... kyuki middle me khane waale bahut hai .....
Sir Namo Nmohumari Muskile how far reform of Hogikaushmbi lights and road did not last 10 year
Modi ji aachi suruwat hai skill India program we heartly congratulated.
Very Achchhacary and very good our government
The head Kabi Jammu and Kashmir, a Hi condition symptoms, look no staff, no Metrial and talk about skill development
Ati Sundar Sir Sabse Hatkar Vande ~~~~~ Sir
If Modi is made Pt 10 years ago today 20 years are ahead
Skill see the below video of BJP Youth.
sir ji namskar, our (BJP) party ke kuchha netaon ne party ki chhavi ko badnam kar diya hai ese me unhain unke pado se hataya ja skta hai, jisase dusra koi bhi esa kaam na kare, Jai Hind, Vndemtrm
Sir, we are with you
Sir aap ghumne ke waza Jo bhi ho aap agar odisha ka electricity me sudhar layege to kuch acha hoga or Jo baat kiye the aap bo to kabhi nehi ho sakta bas electricity me sudhar dijiye bas
As you clearly deserve every country, who are launching a scheme to work so hard for their country's future! You Pramam I Pt g.
All learn something from request Self Skill India May Admisn from Kongresio .. are empty sitting head Khurapat .. scam did not understand your skills.
Skill that India will be when India will Modi c. Some where ceasefire said. racism. Jai Hind.
Brothers away from loved ones might have their symptoms, the only way to keep in touch
Then indeed with hardship comes ease. Indeed with hardship comes ease! ~Quran 94:5-6
What ःkkmanwa happy Kerr answered ..
I wish them God's society by incorrectly used two which denomination took advantage of marrying a place four Bibio, woman restraints
uncle! uncle! Riliznkkriliznkkkako in everything? :-) Quran move..Or Bible .. shows you to be like you Hakkbs ... Ushme Bikkye all thrust given Kako? : D
Or God showing all the right path
paye kuppi puthe vichil
Government should die drowning that has to work in this age
Respect to This Madame. No Offens But was changed so that a master is the state that no one is new in human slum.
Jai Jai Grwi Gujarat
Jai Bajrang bali ..
Today, devotees will be very happy.
These tell the 60-year-old Congress did;)
Country leave before this date Changing the media ... !! ?
Brother should all be on every police station Fsbbk not pay ..
They all work out OK .. But Who floats rubbing juice with a Green Apple Mojito ??
Was made to kill the others, trapped in a cycle of killing the others ....
Were logical Indian writes anything .. Before writing once do the thinking
Samsung has become the day of 18,000 cell Galaxy was Grand Max 14000, Idra we crazy Nai Behte Sunlo company match
Damn the invisible ninjas cutting onions..
Mr. Love shall Salman Waiki written material so Mckkhuda always yours with Wi ..
Cell Salman law without Muslims, while the view of your rear How will hit you guys are stains on Muslim
Say what that will be hit when viewed Muslim Fans Previous
Salman Brother Love's get the important first meeting Apse shall BRO ..
Salman such a problem has been the duty of the country so Why Not ..
Salman Khan brothers pertaining to the likes and comments at meet Shah Rukh Khan
We also have a duty to clean India
Hail India
Salman Khan Pljh to you from next shooting Agra City film head
Dolled you big big fan schools
i love salman sir ..... dost na koi manjil he na koi sathi he fir bhi nikal pada udhar se sayad jis ki talash he wahi sathi he wahi manjil he ...... oo jane jana dhunde tujhe diwana ... ..... salman sir i love you
Abe needs that are not playful steal Mjid occurs is they are taking
ram ram bhai salman
Salman's brother is waiting for your Nagpur sale of the Promotion
Only then will up our India all singing our country are clean
Mako is so angry Arः Vomit Krdgi its mouth May Taby Sudrega Bulldog #
By sleeping speaking seems to Muj Toh fuck thy name Toh Sunna very often
Speaking to him kept funnel formed Nonsense man who just work in distance with
The women sitting with their hand in hand
Going Hu a bottle of drinking water now Mr. Pandey also warn Issko Kabi brought before me
When you answer let me
I know that B lowers that NICE itself is
Do not you want to meet me
Birth I Who is speaking, you are my tweets at: /
I have fault to punish me, what do you
Work I would finish will talk later
Bollywood also clean two she is still naked ...
Mai I want to do in life than to marry
Yes Businesses want to become Women I went forgot all your round one's you just I'm not Yd
Salman hey
John Salman bhai
What you do not have to be doing Q in a phone these
What man we came to see and you do not even met
Have heard of actors who people should not do not reply
Salman Khan is you want to see in the Fan Ktrnn Q style.
Salman sir do given how you Pljh Reply B.
Super Bjrdagibai life super hit movie
Punjab mein Babbu maan aur bombay mein salman jaisa koi nhi hai .. In dono jaisa koi aur nhi, paida ho sakta .. Salman bhai ek song Babbu maan ka to banta hai apki next movie mein
Salman bhai if you took Song of Babbu Mann in his movies, will be much less than 20 million fans a day
Salman bhai will Boht
Brother Ajao once Haryana you very nice mining Duga
I Support U U Hole Road bajrangi bhayijan sallu It Going to the mat
E Lowe's brother hope to be seeing ur ur phlima Bajrangi bhaijana
Schools .... IM selected ... <3 came Mjhaa ... Umhhth brother up Luvv
I must tell you I sleep in the morning Mnglgi
Had a good understanding and I slept
thanx salman bhai..love u forever
India no1 star salman bhai
Brother John Zindabad
As my cute monkey is going to be eating right Miss shall sleep shall miss so much
Pljh period Sallu Bhai +8801719447771 Bangladesh froth Pljh period mate shall Sallu Bhai
from savage treaty ok :)
Abe thou dog bay ... your movie will flop ... Dakhna have reduced your number of fans ...
All in Mm is to hear Mako of applause sound now Hall speaks only thing i green secretly Sharmake brother while May and Love shall immensely
Your picture view Go Nah enjoy receiving Ajatah The fact is Iiii
May list Bolii the brothers in all the halls he speak Bai hot come on Josh's lots of fun
Ek zaroori baat he k koi bhi musalmaan bhai salman khan ki (BAJRANGI BHAIJAAN) movie dekhne k liye naa jaae. Us harami ne musalmano ko challenge kiya hai k wo ...
Abe, you are doing all the talking man
Gold last time you came when so much has just escaped Now one thing you quickly come Pljhghjhgh
Brother a photo that you're close to the heart
God promoted two movies teri hai to supper supper supper ho flap Malon
I'm Hindu brother Bajrangbali the Hindu god cows give parents sacrifice be made circuit and Bjrdagi
If you are a super hit and your movie is super hit
Re Mera parcel
Swachh bharat INDIA
Brother Where haluo recent Shalu
Heart tells
I know you pray a fourth to be not will nevertheless are good are your movie and Mey doctor Reply
: '(:' (: '(:' (: '(You dirty husband Bhot dirty Mr. Hate shall Mr. Really Hate scheme
I have no respect for a
Thinking should be like minded brothers
What's the matter
You must have all as precious dim allies This disease does Nai
Bhai g nich
My last Khosis has a handlebar Tujase just get Chate BS
I love you Salman sir ... i'm watching you movie now Twin ..
My toilet to be cleaned Salman Khan
Realllllly loooovvv u salman
Real sanitation and hygiene is to clean Sir Photo not photographed
Sirapane who gave statements against Muslims is wrong
Is destiny
This much time Cunha will be to all of you comments on eye Dleh ha ha ha ha ha
We B then Chance Give love Salman
For pork puppy .... be immersed in the wee Aishwarya die Kkchiः Modi and RSS NY dog
Do not head bastard cell that is a blot on Muslims in the name of hell Satan
Lv u bhai I can't wait fst dy fst shw boiiiiiii
What do think something that or not makes no difference
I also within.And do something brother Plijhjh 1 brother Chance
Trough superstar Sallu Bhai
GREAT SALMAN BAI
looking so handsome???
Thieves prayed Salman ...
I also give a chance two Bajrangi Bhaijaan
Should be your movie flops ....
Cell Hrami you're not a Muslim you are Satan
E Lowe Salman A. Once I activate my dreams Yes kehati meet-ups just once Lowe You Lowe You Lowe You Lowe You Lowe You So Much Salman Khan
Amazing to be Year Brother
WOW what level so fun Comment Was the Re Baba Ray From gladly Hassan Nd My Real Name Ruby Hassan
Is this campaign still continues schools
Okay effluent knew we forget it
We know also be shut tomorrow I hope to be acquitted Baizzt Haji Ali Drgh on Salman Baijan
Hello Sir, you become online expertise know B Nai shows when it comes to leave :(
O might have your own child
I 2 u
I am from Delhi did not he get told your Security Guard nor Aptk msg brought Pljh meats
The two won my case Muhammad Salman me sir. Number Milado, unless you make the not Bigri Dr S not go empty
No comments not only Htrs Salman Krokktottaly Ignorendkkgret Salman
The two won me or me Muhammad Salman sir. The Milado
Unless there may be nothing Sudrega as long as the public.
Salman sir. Wants to meet you i Pljh want to meet me you Roy Let appointment Hu Pljh
pls mane call karo pla pls
Salman sir. My Aims complete I want to meet with you'm sorry take with me
Plus call me
Sir, you are my Role model for me ..mai aapse hi inspire hokar aaj delhi police mai hu and logo ki help karta hu ... kbhi aapse mila to vo mere lye bhagwan se milne k brabar hoga ..
Mera Bharat Mahan read India only further increase India
8527106761 Pljh Salman sir. Give me a chance to meet you
The two won Milado me or Muhammad me Salman bhai
Please Salman sir. Even the appointment of time to remove you meet for the poor
The two won Milado me or Muhammad me Salman bhai,
Salman sir. 2 Mint Your Life My Life can bring Khushya many Mint is Pljh sir. Get Collect
Sir Salman said and not Hokkswal can not be ... God sir you Srkkmay God
A Rply then two Salman c ... now look all know .... But, you know when
You then Man superhero
Mr. Ike and Love shall do Salman Khan and yes true you have read our comments you were speaking on television, I have been all comments reads are or shall be fake brother ??
apex me we can make the orientation waala thing done at least .
I sat in the library with him I'l go Thruhg Antire proposal under Ve'di Subeted
ye waali book toh mil gayi after pirate-surfing for few hours
Oh and then go download to Buy?
But Mr. Gas does not even work out a meeting with the 4th Year
Today Asking what was the last of the Next Meeting
A few days ago there was talk about our student bodies
You next bean will be in Parliament, Unles shall Deede Othervise
But I do not have much idea, IM Rather busy Prostrinting assignment
How to read such a Huge reply, This passes all previous records
Oye tomorrow morning meeting, Cain shall Plus Elborte
Given that u ppl r privileged with good net connection , tu hee karle
I want to be able to come to your place aaraam se , not worrying that it'll be a bother .
I like to be independent and yahaan ka public transport is so ghanta ._.
I thought I would talk achhe se once I got here ..
No one told you what they have to dance?
Now are you axams come and coaching work ..
Do you manage to get not stay for me .. Lungi
Still I had been feeling ill went returned from Ahmedabad ..
Home Mane level will then come on
That will come if alcohol party time on it Lungi .. watch will go back
He totally does depend on my home plan
If you are free not to be Czech to give Mako bill .. Lungi
Just getting chick chick little project report
Chat I had b I asked to remove a photo
They are fun Prose ideas in the firm, it was to ask him to be original and may take the net income
i remember ki they put you where they think you'll do best
We went around was applied, and around ..
Here Already I have been around many, many Bay: P
What Slo my wall so spam never happened before
Still oil in the hair, When E Wash Thame will be back to normal
Shall I see Bay in workbook just do what
Again in surprise event problem set Daldoge?
Hey ? I always type in Hindi.
Bankruptcy removed Should not the father?
Long before it was published it anyway
Thought makes me feel hour by tomorrow First post!
last day pe first day wale posts like kar dena
group kholo to lagta hai the circle is complete :')
You might have entered his Allotment Letter
apparently mai bhi kaafi active tha during that summer holiday
gajab testing hui hai in the past few days .
Now read where it is said to you axams
Beer also drink Local nowadays
There went U'll Miss food here
I might have enough food to eat avesomem overa were past 3 monthsa
Some have made the minimum return for a stroll
He should be out probably India Tht's Why
India are the two points of contacts, are inserted?
tune high school ka date of attendance kya dala hai , starting from when ?
Ask these sister, how many to get health insurance are
and to top it all , there's the health insurance thing , which i have no clue about ki kya karna hai ..
agar khud dhoondhna hai then i would suggest start doing thiat too
The name of the Institute Enough is not CHARACTERS <_ <
But now I do not know how much time will
Hmm, the different time on this, different place.
I Bola Nai soft copy send
Well, anywhere online Dokyumented what procedure?
Save what part of your shares?
E Do not think of what you can do and Akspekt India Man
These colleges fees also loses Epic
dates to mil hi jayengi na immediately ?
I'll Tell You When my letter-paper is coming
But you do will apply whenever visa
Toh our visa process will be a little bit different
Opportunity to avert confused, not far
Auto came straight inside, was getting a lot of rain, so then found a card Nai
O Saeed He 1 Month Bola all formal mails
Means changed mood in how many days it?
I live near Toh College
Last will refresh the memories of summer
Found that day when you came and got Hardli
How Annoying is the preparation time!
You have been applied to grad schools?
Coding round ke baad do hue the
main PLEASE teri RED HEELS BORROW kar loon ?
Party since there was not more than 10 minutes!
To you doing telling 4th July?
Mr. Heard You return a day at 8 pm
abhi I want to spend all time with her , meri pyaari maa
Also , I thought this link was spam :P because is type ke spam hone lagti hai na ? :P
I was so sad to realize that yahaan paani nahi hota!
Man told a sister Akomodeshn by
There is a lot lambda corridor, which Infinite Corridor speak Hiyँ
I was so happy to just 15 min ago
Of course, to come back home, we'll Cooking Experiments
Just no one will City that would be that I would know!
Then I might have Vikends on homemade food also read not to miss!
i was surprised and happy ki tu wahaan hogi !
You know we're going to an O City Man Girl !!
eligibility toxic wala portal Maine gadhbad room service !!
Man I sent to you through room request corresponds to Parliament
i've collected from almost everyone , but tujhe abhi dene hian ..
Man probably be track-trousers Exchange in our truck clothes
agar tere pass dark blue color ka trouser ho toh bata dena
Are where the mess, he was the corridor issues 3rd floor
Remember the last time, I was right to tell right
But Beyond is located Toh remains difficult
You have no idea 4400 rank you college I will be able to come to what branch
remove kar doon tag, ya tune kar diya?
And the short and Shirrts Rambursement
So discount that does not meet Sofia
In December, the intern was not an option bay
In Hopfulli at home will not be sitting in Summer
And here is Veather Avesme man!
What is air and Sea Breeze too!
My hospitality is Avesme!
Today my internet this OK OK, work out today will be your worst
What is not Surrey.
haan so I pinged you seaprately and told you guys kaise saamaan likho
Same chat pe hi you can do .
cab book kari hai that guy is calling again and again
Seminars not got mine too, right?
Take up SIM Zurich
haan just make sure that cabs are available
aaj we'll work in the day and play in the eve okay ?
I think juice wale bhaiya will open sometime .
You did not get photos of people Othervise me.
That according to Toh just have data tagging
Say that you're delivering mithai dibbas to local hyderabad relatives
But look more carefully work out a little odd.
Yeah, were written Vould speak English, and even might have to pay half the people likewise be cut
I told her ki sab log in the same room is not a good idea .
So packing is going on?
you were supposed to tell her 9 baje
Beta coat you informed too late for
I am sleeping arrange a referral
Packets come nowadays milk under Don'ti that bad Vithaut obtained fridge.
Now there is no Reason for shopping: P
Weekend pe convocation hai , so a lot of batchmates wouldbe here today !
bahut din se nahi kara and need to thin down before the wedding !
Sending the brother Because I never sent!
mera saara balance khatam kar diya because they forgot to activate my internet .
There are tears of Vodafone.
First day I've Heard give a lot of work: P
So classy Akmodtion might have given me nothing today ...!
vaise I found this company that delivers your luggage to your home from hostel .
So Mr. extent Give him the blouse again, brother and younger.
I liked a few , then thought ye toh mummy zyada achha bana deti hain ! :D
You India Augi today they all would not visit between the
Call karegi toh I'll take her details , and get back to her with the prices
Toh wing today is different gaming moves.
Petticoats then take it myself when will blouse pick up.
Have to fitting blouse.
Not yet sent the But Son Took Sex in from
You Active Where Minutes see
He will for the first time, in late that I see what she can do for
If nothing happened this week they dont loose Anything not
Tremendous Plpiteshns are sons
Son my legs Piece cost price has not yet Toh
Now is your lunchtime
Another news is her married Fix
but also attack the cool Wan Wah?!
ab theek hai , by morning he was back to his old self ...
He large beads also will be a lot of work
Order jab bhi karoge us site se , just make sure the sizes are what you need .
Hoopla Findings got me nowhere
Memory Wire is here
I will have more quantity order from the website of a feeling it.
Today routed modeling wear it well
I work out so get 20 thousand of the walking sometimes: P
It was not what I say after hearing All This
You might have created amazing things, Absolutely WOW! : D
Should I get a Arriwal 7 Pt Delhi?
I have their address has an order book for her birthday on: D
kehta hai  hamari colony mein monkeys dont come because they are not allowed to come
If Toh I'll apply Reply Nah Iata a week of Facebook in Google ALSO
didi ko toh bade waade karein hain , because she had to spend so much for last summer !!
I was thinking that it might have Selekton you sister and what Dilwaungi papa!
Phone charging, I send in a while,
Sister had Iyrrings before me
What's Schedule of your final axams
Said paper band playing O Lord sleep.
Kkuh not yet submitted a while ago Term Paper
Nothing, working issues received term paper, is the night
But meri chutti hai , since I have thursdays off
Well do not leave my college
Madam so long even wear heels: P
Changing be caused by Veather
How Hiyँ Bumps His Head?!
No matter if a little fun!
I'll talk to you achhe se once I get back to campus :P
I'n glad I only spoke to her , aap karte toh I can understand samjhaana mushkil hota .
i can understand your talab to have fun in delhi , you are going there after so long .... !
Would be very crowded before Diwali Markets
Beta watch the stars come out of you
Was not clear in some voice calls yesterday night
I do not know why I felt present All Is Not Well With You
poora ka poora mera beta hai , i used to do things like that all the time
Your face paints too short to him! : D
Just practice running contest.
pakki ma ki beti hai , i used to resort to doing such things
Last night I put my hand on nail paint: P
Let Inspiration also where you make sure it all! : D
Is not Available in Suppusedli Hyderabad.
Let's tell met, what will be stocks out of Varna: P
Me Toh color also liked
Will have my full weight as might have pain.
Blue dress Didi dilwaayi Thi us mein: D
The remaining child hostel or which have disappeared
I've recently started wearing the ganeshji you had given me .
Gram and get away and pudding was not it?
Aunt my feet were washed.
Had slept Vary Latte in morning ... I just take just after class
poha and idli and the best sambar and chutney , and tea and watermelon !
The very day rush rush you ... Now a little Take It Easy
maze karna relax karna finish all your work ka back log ... !
Do not Remember Maybe people had symptoms, he
I think didi ke time pe bhi she used to practice for it
Mr. actual will not express a little sad.
i plan to make chola bhatura in the honour of your bday
koi nahi take your time to decide
keh rahe the ki usko check karne ko bola hai .. or if you have already talked then it seems he has forgotte
Son before stamina might have build up remember the. Now Fults same breath might have a little walk
ab agar koi mujhe kehne lage jokingly about having babies now .. i would just laugh it off .... !
abhi the 4 of us are sitting and discussing ideas for the hack :D
bus mein rest kar lena so that you are fresh when you reach bangalore .. !
Oh cold is still
so i was wondering ki wo hai ya koi different person hai
What was Resserwsns to tomorrow Bangalore
Speech ki class happens only once a week .
toh theek ho gaya tha without meds .
So packing is going on?
packing badhiya hai .. but so much to do .... !
tum batao ... where are you abhi , room pe or elsewhere
I pay room, clear made long after today
Was about to have a nap , uske baad lab jaoongi
Hahaha you're the first person Hu's Having Fun!
Great going ... From now on, do
I Bsikli code will be posting to the whole sentence comes just standard language
Like all the hindi words will be written in devanagari
i was looking at our pehle ki chats also
Under How Should bay interesting computer can fix it by turning
Found some sentences that I can use jo ki hindi words contain karte hain
chalo update me , what's going on in Lanka ?
believe that we are shifting to delhi .. only when hum plane pe chadh jayen ... !
Schools, the Delay Plan again yes e Kan'ti Believe!
Mr. Hope when I come to work out until you come to the outermost ones!
everyday  something or the other comes up  n hum wahin ke wahin
E Can Help stuff and all in fine
pehle .... saman should reach delhi ... with me and dad
Like Insect bite was me Same Bite Came format issues manipulated
Confidence of Now do not you come to the 7th?
usne kal operate kara liya . now today she is on chutti  !
Mr. Hope he's no longer pan
There Airport on joining Krluga in the He's tailing Transfer respect this so much .. can you access all respects Lecce Airport
These symptoms, work will not be out
Would you how to handle alone so much stuff
O Tales of office people will come to help
How much packing is done , and kitni bachi hai
They NEED to Bay Plastic Wrapped after the airport because they do not have accounts of locking
All will be in flight?
Can't things be transported by freight ?
haan 3 more people going to delhi that day office se !
What about breakable saaman ?
Files of Office Papa cargo shall respect Books
We are coming from Dunno business class
Arare vaaaha! Campagane drink G: de
50 kgs more yeh transfer allowance hota hai
jo saman reh jayega that papa can send with people who go to india
Yes Sounds good :) you have to empty the house when the people of Sri Lanka?
If you're in lanka after 9th i can come and help with samaan ki packing
Home officially landlord to hand over 22 Fab
meri taraf se its khalli the day i go from here
Home go to empty, which Probbli office to keep the remaining goods made him Curtains
Hey Mumma, my Blankets have been quite Smelli.
Neither shall get them dry clean?
haan i hope he doesn't get stuck in sri lanka over something
Yes bacterial infection in Thame can be very Harmful, it was you should get a lot of first
arre recently badh gayi hai smell , that's all
Hear me laugh so I that what the gimmick All This
Level e think these effects there's Movies: D
All a bit more dramatic: D
Oh yes, she must hold Sad to get you going.
I say to Mr. Have Been Prying then God
Tell him that the marble of our entire Family 10 Bgwano
Security fellow in office ek budha sa admi hai
They might have gladly talked of Papa Influansd sleep Manya People sleep Positiveli
dekho age age what life has in store for us . !
Sister ALSO GOT Skared of what is happening
Do they get the feeling that Family, always speak so well Hiyँ
Feeling Type distant uncle written comes :)
You did so much mehnat ;
Because of Timejhone, people tend to first register
So he did, and they will be the Deeded evening.
Give occasional emergency or loses something.
I might have mixed code was written
haan but so many only Hindi sentences hain
So you might get something kal subha <_<
Mr. Thought is taken to Emergency
That cafe was quite achha vaise
It opened pichhle mahine only
And did you guys know ki ab drive in theatre and food courts hain Hyderabad mein ?
I think ki ye sab super awesome hai xD
Driving will learn and Then will seek a vehicle as
And just for reference, Does anyone know a good Kafes Where You Can Feb and work?
I either go to deli 9 , and ab see whiteboard bhi jaoongi
I can see how hard y o u ' r e trying out the
I was coming Hussey, While Mr. vs. first reading. : P
BTW , drive in theatres and food court kahan khule hain ? :D
Come to the seminar
Is your name in the attendance sheet.
I completely forgot , aati hoon 2 minute mein !
Shi I must bay There, had called his
What is my name?
Oky, no matter
Otherwise I'll have to sort the sentences jab finally dataset banaoongi
Alright , only code mixed sentences ab se
Next week will be my coming Raviavs
You did result of Submissions?
2 pack of rolls at Toh be quite right
Holidays Boht Limited Man
Yes Man works Start've done
And Abi hotel in Dia's Akmodtion
Is good sound.
I wander will then travel between
But yet loses will not be
Dinner do
Janata office brother now
Separated the benchmarks set it so
Mr. thought was giving Reasons for not Hostels
Well it came my message now
I'm happy and Stisfiad
Lets hope you have time to eat too happy: P
I'm quite happy with the surprise dessert
Some chocolate also bring good jobs sustainable
I'll boil the eggs pehle
If you eat under it.
Are sleeping If You Find out what manner do
If you guys will not go abroad Most probes that Aoge: P
Aiti's to pay so cool you all Same Place
You do not have scanned the people here?
Just work out the Interviews are Schedule.
Bangalore aane ka plan hai in near future ?
Campus feels so empty bay!
Ansvers have been many changes?
Do not talk like one day before exams
The idea of ​​the book is what you read?
Not cheat can make sheet
Wahi will make Start now
accessibility interface on hi karna hai na?
Are you coming to campus today?
I'll let you know agar kuch pata chala to
Do please please writing
Just will not start, Mr. Guess
Saturday class is known?
Mr. I do not come to those who complete the class their 3-4 Absents observed me!
Just work out the amazing camera
yahaan pe hoon so I'll take you guys out !
har sentence is a new level
Bucket of 6 mein we were charged for ultra
Aai toh premium of tea?
Mr. Just charge checked the pasta did not work out twice
Who was the last beer dispenser with how y?
We definitely should get there pehle , get something to drink and eat .
I'm usually in the Bali bakra Anyway: P
I thought you would be busy.
They went out last night to party and Then the phone was left in the purse.
Boys All boys hostels charge tied to each other
kal answer key milegi to I'll check
I think we all know after an exam ki kaisa gaya .
Gradually increase your concentration.
You never come concentration Problem?
padhai ka time kam na ho , already you need to put in more work ..
Yes I'll maqe much rather Thakur in Surrey
The body does not work and s might Ahi races of falling asleep
See IDEA Toh good, But Make Surrey, UK managing time.
Btv matter today Strut Running Sub in schools has Deede nature ..
Toh some sour chewing gum or some ashes Room Pay
In the Kosice too late for Hu Jgne butt Its Just Killing My team
achha , toh phir so mat , but then try to wake yourself up .
And that things had Useles C, which did not have fun and work is also not, they can Avoid
You do what u Should Knov.
My sleeping has been horse sheep.
I have to go now , meeting hai .
Just bcz of tht level increase muje strting m kuch shmj nhi aaya .
I know how it is not actually in the same team managed
Phone classes were not at hand.
Thou shalt have been delay, and Then will be the time delay to read.
Just like the time is right for your gold?
Mr. Generally the concentration of Obsserved if you put half time Toh gets the job done.
See this is right, if you will Honestli follow.
Throughout your Schedule tell, what day?
Soil Wish you're able to tell a Problem which became my Obstaile schools here
You're so Inspirational
But I dont target lower, because then if he will work out the mess made Colleges Miss
My will is useful to a year drop ..
Went for a walk with friends
I'm glad tu ghar hokar aaya!
I work out of home food in hostels remember most
bs hostel wale bache or coaching m do friends h bs
None NST year you will be with them much better post
All my friends were able to graduate last year, because he was 4 year course
I need to see proper address
Or someone else will send your Bihaf?
Studies are also under way right now
Yesterday hostels Organization Cocing of Perso
I do a lot of work in the week, weekends on fun.
He will very often I need Inspiration
Was the details of the exam by your friends?
You are so waiting for the weekend
Bhot bring them all things
Whatever Intrnes You have given
For him are speaking to apply
Results ka wait kar
Here thinking that you feel you option right
At home so Distrkshns is always
If you will be striving for a year might have and will be good results Definiteli
If you are in Dent College Toh also fine
At my college there were so many people drop by
My two best taken by friends
When they Ajate names of Deede And so Sogs did have to quota ..
Here competition is very tough man
Give the job just these people end the internship!
Yes Toh then have Deede You Right?
Imagine not having Decision.
Mr. Knov you never separate from the house.
Will do things for you at home Very Frecventli.
aaj technology itni advanced hai ki you can do anything from anywhere .
I work out this time she had come to Mr. Knev No One.
Always have a friends and family.
Marks in general toh mast hai .
After Highest school who's asking
In one of my Sbjkt in schools have not Highest
My class teacher was today she was speaking Mr. radicals two much better
I do not know of one, why be a little lazy in these things
Give will kill up work out to be nothing.
And Then take Toh drop If Options does not seem right end.
All first-year level.
And other Klages could level so this year i
agar nahi padhega toh it'll be very useless .
Would drop just to read well.
Merko also go into a college level there is not yet in Fb and Chaiye.
Minus the concept began to come in my college
And very Kalleges
Some workouts are the same
If one did not know something was not net ..
To work out in counseling
There do not know the different colleges Man
Actually there are still no net connection to me.
To Czech wearing little Difficult they might have if no admission separate entrance?
Oh Yes, They Hppened short time ago.
Hmm matter Brochure downloaded
For her he first link level is entrance of Maths separately therein.
You are my bust sister since childhood
But still keep telling you remember anything ..
My time on down there was that exam.
External factors exams are not being bad, is just a matter of preparation.
Mr. Knov My Board can not only worsen due to Veather, because I was at Curry studied.
Looking man Veather Well But two U really think of Veather due to board exams screwed thee?
Actually is bar bhot scenes ho gye the .
First Boards of exams and Veather was very poor.
As the drop is not good to take if you do not think you do next year read
See, Mr. Knov This not put time into this hard, But trouble
Began after an extra year that release will not
But mehnat is the only solution .
Merko they still have a lot Mahent before board
It's just a matter of this ki tum kitna handle kar paate ho .
All the 12th hardest in the bay.
Man Take photos of Drama members
I'm taking a picture using the camera number
i think you're the first person from that lab jinse meri baat ho rahi hai
aaj socha ki bahut mazze kar liye , now i will work for the next two weeks .
Videogrfer be the only Kri ..
Was Sdli and can not be
Nah, it was not exactly getting spasinga
Where the last semester, did not realize.
No Surity providing my ticket now: /
And accommodation with good tension
agar wahan manage nahi bhi hota to I have my relatives there , i'll stay with them
i checked the menu , aaj kofte h
Coffee will pay a Tiki evening
Scenes I now eat in mess
A friend got into a panga
i've got a deadline in 4 hours , pin gyou raat ko please ?
i went to a localite's ghar yesterday !
This year the freshers didn't experience that awesomeness jo humne kri thi .
Mr. Didn'ti will be completed Trek Knov: The fort was pretty up!
But yes, this night will all Paglpntiya
i'm happy ki holidays hain !
i thought of a friend , then i saw your name and i was like ab maine kya kiya
So was this type of delay
I'll go whenever logout and
dimaag ka baaja baja before i realized you were kkidding .
Believe it not, then I have proof too
I hang up and save all things
main screenshot send karti hoon
The more storage capacity so give me a little
Great inexpensive beer
Is to give someone else the ticket loses early Tell
He confirmed
I am doing research work nowadays
Plan oddly made way
The meeting was Schenduled lab with the day Professor
He bonus Toh you party
Please let there be Refer.
Typing in life itself might have come
Do you type when Toh table budge values ​​Women Power !!
I have not eaten 'Cause Long.
These Juki Lucy burger is the best.
DO YOU HAVE A BLACK dupatta
And may take still room?
If you're free toh aa jaana
I am out of the room for a while
Acha Once you link you send Hieroglyphs cradling the open?
Attendance'll put present in before
What was the addition of 50 Sentenses and first assignment?
Mam Plus do not say no thanks
50 What to do Sentenses the analysis?
jo yeh assignment file h test data ki on courses .
Just make you cool Report
Change will do.
Nothing will make you change tags by REPLACE?
Man Sir has given me Sentenses aside.
In some new probably room might have to get over when to call plus fun
That may be a little late symptoms, please be paralyzed.
You still sent Timetable
It should open Elektive what?
B. When you inform and be free for a 15 min
To you when there is no deadline to tell the
usse zyada time lagega toh it'll have to wait <_<
7th Evening Post speaks together, Varna little Mr. Cain Tell You Over Fb only.
Come dirty Grdes from people
Second Year are in the division, as well as B PPR First Year and What happens anyway exam pattern
No Assignment What do you have
shayad tha aisa assignment , but . lemme check if i have it
Too much Mistakes level you will have assignments with Hindi Tggar the right soft copy
But came Epic sleep life lore me again
Depend the bay, on own Knvenans.
Which came paste a feel for what took him fired on by Leo and today printout laptop.
Will properly will get good marks.
thode sentences edit kar diyo to make it easier for yourself
Children's book will be very small Sentenses.
but next yr aap refer kar dena
Reference may be you that
The birthday tomorrow sister.
chal let's meet at 6 then that day
How did you put down so formal message?
Lest the people came to the two clubs
I then can order just for myself
Mostly 10 pm Jake coffee with milk will make mess
Kita sleeps purchase God
These entail Google Obvisli
Next week will leave when like you will come to number
Actually I did not read Sinkereli full post.
Must see a second
Because we also have Surrey spread out in the city
Hieroglyphs were not few and think
My net pack exceeded aaj subah , so it's been shut all day !
Paradise may come in the evening?
Running was my manager
In Lets See What Happens Next Your Story
I also Bandi engineering college.
matlab she's obviously not in your college .
she was there in meri pune wali society
Give my sake Facebook had joined
But I will now go and fix Papa tell.
The wearer alcoholic things might have to be level
But found out the same material.
Work like donkeys ._ in breakage summer.
Maybe this time they realize zyada hi log ho gaye !
They're only taking intern folks abhi .
Now running his Interviews.
I said let's give the internship.
A Banda makes light 5
Name given, if you come to college.
Then ragging will take her: D
Seeing my friends? Are very happy that Vritup
Most Probbli is that they come
But think about it there will be more food at the shaadi now
If you're not there then take chutti and come na !
Let me know kuch dikkat ho toh .
I can already imagine you scaring the ladke waale with you hyperness
I might have had the same feeling that She's Getting Married!
anyone need vada pav let me know
Take care Year please forward
we don't find you all and thought app chale gaye
Ignore moved slaughter
Not have to go with the team
Do once just tell u Will not hold arm in arm.
I feel much tension
Do you have an office wear types know that up to Kani?
Is giving a courier
Then there was springtime and I had been voices Knoking types
These cases take time so you
Messenger ki problem ka solution
I'll tell you pakka sa in a couple of days .
kyunki they gave me fake earpods for free later .
Two They only have to change screens or something
You last told you that you have had to find my phone somewhere loses time
Told manipulated the match the first draft mistake
Will keep u know like posted as
I'm not sure kitna time lagega for that .
After dinner I read the paper tomorrow.
I was sleeping ghode bech ke
You're the one with two exams toh jab bhi theek ho .
arre , and , she wrote in the mail ki assignment de do ?
toh thursday ko if ma'am asks something we'll have something to say
Mr. actual thinking the same thing by tomorrow.
Just make loses, it would have been since stall
Job wale btaen to better hoga
No Place seeing Suggest Crow where the walk.
Alcohol might have not already Scenes Its Thursday mind.
Mama Papa is coming tomorrow he will not sleep the entire time you were planning to go today
I'm Surrey will be alcohol-op with them.
Already I have put mattresses for them loaded
Mr. We are the people Am Asuming go
Toh place do Deede
I think they consider kab attend kiya tha when grading
Hopfulli proxy will not be taken
But I do not know how much light proxy Busines.
Not Someone I put a proxy.
IDEA new where'll shoes
Tht'll Ensure the Go quickly reached.
So big shoes, sitting half room Okupy
Size I grew'll take your foot
Second'm only works Mostly !!
Please Ansvers send us loses.
It was my take home exam.
Even if the guide had to change
So e think Relevans will slightly Factor help of.
Should permission Guide
Research guide pe depend karta hai mostly
Then he will come between clause 70 and college funds will be new
Do not think much will finance a college: -?
Historical types will replace Toh will all be bored!
ek kind of year book banana hai .
So the events which in a year, some of all of their selected photos would like to Lecce Print
Some pics will get selected.
I Hun extracting money from its budget!
if such a thing does happen , i'm sure handle ho jayega .
batch mein kaafi awesome log hain who're capable of handling extreme scenarios .
That seems to be the Then Es received batch Ve'll step in
If Major people who are represented are confident Koordinetrs Divided
That would probably be a little better
as i said bohat selfish sa reason tha !
and cook up a good bahan if she asks :)
I'll apply where e think you will enjoy.
Lets hope it gets anywhere.
aadha ghanta gali sun na toh lite hai when u compare it with a fun filled summer :)
Go out internships Jyade Better Experience is
I Summer'm going to do the same Mostly: D
Messenger payment kept my block Man
Messenger payments se de dena
Chase bank how long I'll debit card?
matlab before and after start and end dates .
I might have kept the lights he ._.
I filled budget
Some ideas about how to Bru?
I'm talking about mythology is what I submitted
And what he was English Language Certificate was given thee mythology?
Man I said the budget worksheet to Complete
That's how it turned out you have a list of courses?
nahi yaar will have to ping
Came the ping of a servant
What yesterday was an interview?
Did Khuastions of your first round
What man of you Khuastions were asked in interviews?
Man moved my Tuesday
The view was perfect rooms were like you: D
To add at Stars
I shall not now place a tension Kki mess scenes Aiti's with Nana
Neither we might have in the On May
Family members are all railways
There is base on Army
If you have any army I know might have low installed the stage
Crowded Toh has no place
The rest Meadows is very Beawtifull C Open Grounds
Interviews kab honge for you ?
Everything is just very mushkil
And studies of the different bands lying Baja.
Yes, he is the ima Late
The match was seeing out the entire day today in Timepass
In Directly would Lab party or come home?
My Toh reputation as I do not speak
Delhi ki garmi mein pneumonia , how did you even manage that !
Sounds pretty cool out
Well like you find hotels Jayege
Nana live in Delhi, and O Love Hilsteshns.
Hey Suggested right side go: D
Ask her last bean did that
He filled calls persons to the talks amusement :)
Hey Interest nobody sees
but we'll do something about the seekhna
Hey lens Info Chaiye about that: P
You must destroy the Year so Snbalogi Club
Yet of all the edit, The're Uploded Already
But e think some people are going to the movies
And tomorrow to submit the night
Tonight will be partly campus
The bar crowd is also quite slugs
We look forward to those same epic stage
You'd be here was the deadline pending ???
Very basic sorting
To collection will have the same
Many refuse to offer studies in End
But Knsidering, I was coding also
I then end beans are corrupt of all!
I would have to But practices
Thug to Mr. Hare will be a lot of work
And Finally camera right ???
Literally Open Book does not want to be here!
My single friends are so sure spread.
Warden was complain!
The Birth Celebration tomorrow phos the Humari wing
Second is how it's going year?
They also learn how to focus the camera are
seekhna to hai , how to actually click awesomely .
Get proper food in their home
Yes I remember was continually Avokedo Avokedo
Passion fruit is an odd Taste.
He made Ping to Kongrtualte might have found your address.
PHOTOS pose taken please.
Mr. No in Surpreesed I told
Today was to make cartoons for bonus points in my Hmnitis paper
Vehicle quality should not run out of thy Violent Streak.
Are you going to sit for placements?
How are you doing ma'am Applications of?
And many stores will get pay, loses Bay Honest.
Local store where you pay out will
Acha lunch when and where?
There will be more variety you
Airport are on such shops!
I'll ask didi if they're cheaper than local stores .
E think I activities on better had Deals.
And the organization will go to work
Call Who to help Leo please
He else I was pinged.
You then did not reply!
Varna One boat will run, and will double tourism
Brother will have to work out Timings Do
Our mailing list came on
And as if telling today I missed stops when Registrsn
I did register
Just run so what was the problem?
Anyone seeing not live I
Be Deede when Tell, I'm at home coming will go
I might have maybe weekend will in the lab
And to have symptoms, go away, to buy Sure But tickets.
Fetish will take Statue will work out all day.
And are today Firvrks Boston
if you know what I mean brackets mein likhne wali thi
Speaking give your health principles breakdown
Makes me feel not speaking up I got Sean msg
We'll take those tickets before
Lab work out what parts would be: P
Literally became clear in 8 minutes.
No address was Mnn to Museum
The most Probbli to be not free Hogar
I'll take the job of medical insurance quickly
pet theek ho jaye then I'll treat myself to something awesome
Man today make me games workshop
Sorry just got Simulat watch phone
abhi nikli hoon , I am going out right now .
Some will Knviniant plan :)
There are more tantrums of piracy are not here on
She is with me abhi , thodi der mein she'll get back .
sunn , just check with me before you go to meet didi .
Half take sister after hour
O Had Said to today
And here are all the lunch rush
Man I have a noon meeting.
Mr. consider the rest of doubt that 7 people
You do not have a cheer so maybe not.
Have no problem should Mr. Guess
Yes But I'm thinking we'll get time on whether or not
His office time fly Varna Fatlu
Expected Arriwal Toh God faith.
Just Mjhghe notes managed.
meri waali is pretty good , i've put a hundred things on it
bas phir toh i am also going to get one for myself soon .
Mr. Honestli Have to Have No Idea
Itta do not have Aksplneshn's Chill
When I got into the bus , tune bag hataya tha
Oye Make Public photos with your slow typing.
Now I am doing Unpack
Else I'll call the hostel came
And thou supports Which Futbbl team?
Who's got the plastic bag
The building at that campus were thinking
And Rumia not going to remember
What are the signature?
I played stars Sky full of in this video
Strange as sample
Well, my guitar on Baja Leo
.
What's going on with your guitar!
We try eating at office Cause otherwise ghar pe khaana thodi hai .
Come be Mr. Guess.
E think you told him
He is also a hike
How's your leg?
mai udhar hi reh paungi anyways , I told her that time I'll be taking that flat
My wing Hori empty Next beans
Abe loses you will discover how to register?
late registration ki permission lungi
Cry running well take the side of you then sit on
You trust are not so
So cash is getting Toh
But I'm in between something , and room jaate hi I'll sleep off
How so much read in a class?
mere do hi papers hian vaise
One other Hmnitis Courses.
There are also the first dinner treat the rest of your
dhanyawad for the fear dosage .
Anyone have any notes of what?
shift reduce parser ke ho to please share kar do
Saturday Parents are coming to me
Help desk had been closed tomorrow Think karavaunga
The other will call.
We will pakka se meet again .
Did meet once in but Mr. Guess is now time Nai
muje laga tha exams mein u would be busy .
i was hoping ki attendance ke liiye sheet pass hoti ho
So now Nai name list
So must add separately.
You have registered before?
Register of attendance was not near the head today
You are in my project group
Assignment I know who's watching
You're probably busy in Research
Quite Surrey Duals in the GRP
Mr. Guess will play some people start Toh Dere Dere will all come
No plans before logo dinner Toh then play
Play loses the msg in the group to
Did you play the last sem hai wala card ?
it's highly unlikely ke permission mile
par agar possible ho pai , lets end the sem with basketball
You tell what today scans your?
Table'll get now, you should be ready by 7:30
Take a cab right now, is how much weight time.
As it turned out She's out of the campus.
Not work out will be late
College'll come and talk.
Friday will take me really.
Mr., I'm troubled different Hu thee
Come from Fotovok far back?
But later went into motivation
chal na , I beat you at this game .
I downloaded were not.
Thy will be assignments of the software last time?
I wrote a senti post kal batch group pe
Your batch is so great
My Brother Always in the Told Retrospect, seem big problems small.
kyunki if you've really made peace , then there should be no regrets
Kollege directly from you rather than a little child garaduate
Is written Masters in my
I might have graduated I date looks not right
My mentor might have no idea where it is.
You're about to board a flight from the people say?
Has anyone made appointments Schedule?
There are also options if Presentli Pursung then leave BLANK.
Hey But if there is, how long will finish he can Mentioned
Contact group on fb post mein hai.
Yes just did Transcript upload Mostly
But Initikalli she did not submit.
maine start date like di , since shayad woh compulsory field the form mein .
Man that New Hire Document I Primary Address I full?
meri transcript nhi hai so i havent been able to fill the forms completely
What did you get all the transcripts?
He might have Oboarding was a field in form page on the Job Titles ago
Which is written in your offer letter
What is filling in job title?
Passport wala dede on the safe side .
Man no Timfrme would not you be coming up?
She had another heart before 1 Week Office Same I
In addition to weight is not an option
They want to loan fees can speak it Transcript
Give the mercy not work out, we can not afford the fees
Man enough down time are not transcripts of office in the same round
He still GRP PE described her JOIN date
Toh he give you any request to send.
And loses when it gets add have the answer to this Question
There are interns from all over the world
He was speaking today which project?
End what beans try to get canceled
Can not level it, but he will
Whenever you guys work , bata dena .
They then added those who were not in the
aise questions fun hote the
Not, Mr. Thought in May and June and realize how well the Eliminet.
Class thy ended?
But exams ki wajah se my friend took time to reply .
chalo theek hai , I'll let you know some nice options soon .
The Options of place, But not before the date Deede.
There might have been a sari treats Aksumulte
Hey You gave me a birthday treat.
Toh thing was so you should treat both of them together.
You are more accounts than chicken?
Dedlines something that tells a Dekk come a little late
Surrey Fotobombs share link
tu to tagged hai hi .
But the good thou hast comment.
These ones Fun dialogues will always be remembered
Air Cafe'll find the lounge
Will come to perform!
We clowns are become.
So much pressure for getting taiyaar , and for entertaining .
If you do not come passes dress well you have to pay
But thou, Mr. Ony Rigret gives Intimate little earlier
2 not only in the NDA picture so
that should even have the juice wale bhaiya
That was Diskus with Yes Mam
Everyone keeps asking, saying that Question Hiyँ
As was your talk today, they went to Ember for dinner
ready ho gaya na brochure to ?
Remember the last time we had made informal brochure?
i mean agar free ho , warna lite hai
One should Generlijhed bit Structure> _>
Please give a two-day writing.
mujhko bhej dena , i'll compile the entire data for the website .
Was just gate then add the Parliament members approved
waise could you brief me the purpose
A spelling error in the End
Makes me feel the need to attend
My boots have been murder.
It's taken the last injection.
I got a ping that is wants to Lave
Mother father thought credit do not, good will
The mine is at home security.
Never show online Transactions my debit card.
Saturday wants to go which night show?
I'm going Sunday Night show
But no camera near water
some have already booked their tickets , vaapis aane ki , because they think trip hogi nahi
i really hope kahin to chal padein yaar!
Same floor PE is made easy
I'm going home to cousin
Sala had not received certificates man!
Actually shirt still had sari Sell
Visit once, then will meet to Prijhens
But the farewell Struts after 7:30 pm. According to him, tell you how
The number one organizer?
But to quickly return the money please: P
Varna next Sunday can they work out
though I wished thode options zyada hote .
Not come down from your wing voice?
I will have a lot of work after axams.
baad mein i'll change that part of the code , if need be .
Now again had energy to do work out
Data Words Toh has Split
Having trouble Stmmer
Including man, the first song is very Avesme
These are the rays you now might have Flurmtes.
You are good! Dude, You keep giving These links
How do I purchase train from Abroad. : P
Let what was back now upcoming flight ??
Plus cab you doing now
Since I has dabba phone for the time being .
To drink, take out much of the budget might have on
And Their mustard greens and corn bread ')
if anyone has any designs in mind toh sketch karke de do .
Manvhile i also think some
ab jab final ho gya hai toh , how do we go about finalizing the designs ?
agar 6th final ho jaati toh I can also manage somehow
agar kisi ne halla nahi machaya in batch , some of us can go and talk
But I think 6th Still Better Kpred then off date
Girls farewell ke dates ensure karte hai ki everyone is around
But woh toh light sa hota hai bey , nowhere as much fun as the actual farewell .
But that did not Kia issue raises on Vikdes.
Final data for kro from!
It Vikdes come.
Previous form was work out for this thing
Hey i am not seeking Knsenss on Vikdes
No Knsenss will not take what weekday on
Vikdes from Unvalbiliti members in this Poll should take exact were not
Who is not on what weekday it will ask Aँd sleep issues and so forth
What was the problem before March?
They do damage Minimijhation Toh means March have already Kanseedr
aisa hi logical hai , minimize the damage
Man on a servant had Suggestiv by far.
If all faculty and all the students are in Toh
Oh well, if someone will speak loses the issues.
Now Roaage might have to Orgnije?
But first Let's C. If all agree?
The first symptoms, it's no problem with weekday figure is out Toh translation
And really what Selfis My Reason for?
I have also seen last year is not a
I will watch the video
Now because of the events can not work out Reschedule
One Vould think of running your axams.
When talk together once the syllabus?
That in May Summers
toh before kara lete hai if you want
Because anything that wing were stopped
If it's cool , then ek group bana deti hoon
But, first they tell, they look fine?
Axams quite that same time pay.
Job Leni speaking is not
haan, I hope to Leni pade Usko.
Yes Brand might have been well known order!
No privacy setting of scenes different divisions.
Album two share with only friends
Lab mein hoon , room aake I'll change
So messy Joquei kill bit?
Take a look then at Disks
I'm pakka going to the festival .
Numbers might have been growing like dogs <_ <
I might have 30 people are being typed.
then lets assume ki meri aaj lagi hai and I will get it done tomorrow
Constitute Aarbuk owning or becoming junior batch?
Ask the group pay?
Our Year of someone getting Slmbuk types some Bann what?
So was asking Kstn
Make sense took the nobody jumps or jump site photo?
i had made some changes , but unse kuch errors ho gaye
wo carry forward ho gaye through the rest of the code
i'll fix it , but thoda time lag jayega
If you do not project in the summer then next what workloads will increase over the semester?
Sleeping Information'm collect.
Suppusedli she can get the job done.
it also matters , ki how much you want to go .
Both amusement to COMPARISON of stories.
Man Srcsm detection How?
Currently Toh am Same here
Some will not open on my laptop.
Now how lousy movie Knvins ya!
Submissions in Perso's and Thug presentation january
Today the project is to work
Which is built will match the night yet.
Now how it's going to work in your animations
Some Tutorials made some
It is Linux or Windows?
The command line is not so will be a shell script that runs perpendicular?
Here you will be repeatedly command line ???
Toh, you'll find net
Well one thing thing only run in Chrome
Just'm level for the video file
Flash These keep in mind the code will not be repeated Kpile.
Then the Google will take and what you can do.
Abbe sending which was submitted to our name
What insert a post yesterday?
Take 2 days konsekyutive of shame that I had the urge to sink marunagi
so i thought maybe tu yaad kar rahe ho
What line of Marie
I'll go tomorrow and realize people only hostel with
How's the weather abhi ?
Is there any registration deadline abhi ?
See you kal shaam
I just food control
Abandon Human Level Pay
APN will not be pure and xD
It Vallée section I see
Makes me feel even fall, what is all Ths
Happy birthday in ..
Live long ! Ding dong
Thank u akki
are ..
Awake and
So was
Abi says
very right
Kai's ho?
May good!
you sunnna
Sister lived all right
Haan
Agye you guys Chennai ??
No sister they will not come
Till now
You were new ??
Nai in ..
Temple was I .. Okkk
And The How big?
Ofc thi
Home came early But the same at home HUN
Are ..
If not the same Budde Gifts got you ... Lil Bro
Haan
my brother
The Nmskaranm
Hello Akki
You like ??
Mast The I
I came home ...
Just Nizamuddin approachable
House kingdom come now simply M.
Me
Haan
Brother said
Is my brother coming
Oh love that Bola matter the running of it. In a single ticket Jayga will project work .. say ..
fees and
I B Bola
And have the solder. .
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness . May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
guide you towards the path of success . Happy Holi !
fireplaces
Hi Di ..
Hello


Convinced not car

What are showing bomb
Thee for a fly
Oh My Baby angry Hogya


baby ???
So Chate Kyega Pda forget Jayega
These bombs are next to me Bombs Nai

acha g
Says the Chate?
or btaaa kaisa h ?????
Mastttt
Studies are going on
Why Gough B Baby What are
Behen ni What
Education is so moving
The mistake was missing the B car
And keeps moving
There are gallons now I tell you angry
Took the

okkkk
when is the wedding ?
Prayers are said
Your message was Phke
Then taken
plea
Then said prayers later
Coming will then only see car boy
okkkk
Just not know gallons have been Invite What worship you not IU
Yeah right
Do the same thing
Why me
I just come some
jaaa
The smells
and
country
Yes you not Agyi so far
Oeeeeee
hmmm
And assigning everything alright
Han
All right
Okkk
when will it come
I saw'm the Holibs a day ago
okkkk
What backbiting nature pearls in my night?
km have been moti Mt.
You beads new worship Bola
Is not it the same thick voice
Understood
Notify me speaking
I went not fat
Extra ni hora some
hmmm
Either when Jayega not meet before IU Mjse
Yes Did thinking Ra Hu ..

Did
DI ground
hmm
Notify me to send some of its schools
What are you sending?
Patiala suits
Both purchases get Lengeni keep so I can buy it myself
Are these sharp
Nai Send
Then give to thee
Need for its pace
Avoided speaking lower level become a child
There was at km
I moseskonu mouth
hm dono to Bich mei to be
oye not bol
Can send to me .. its new Dresses Dresses kompedatavu
Nahi bol ra hindi
hands
It is only to get translated into Hindi

long kraaa

Moti

Oh when will you take?
Now Lhayega in Sci
Eat
Patiala?
Give me four pajamas and shirts also sent two

You do your job
Movable part
Anytime the lungi
Wedding money will bestowing
I have some new idea I when shopping Lu

Haha
Ni should
Lol
The I ..
Love and soil motorcycle ah
Interest
You may get the memory of the
are sent
Avni sister was speaking not just
Will just adore that B in every function
And could not be finally
Okkk
Son what Oaricy going to get from his house members
Introduction
If you did not come to me then Pitega Bhat
Hmm are right hold
Hehe
Say they are having a daughter
And then I new jigsaw puzzle paved wedding
Will not Pitega
Are ajaunga tension of the na
And mastery she finds important is your
The pitch here mt
bs
is
Matlab ?
Expansion Speak
It was
Tell the
Are getting married

Hey how ya?
His family have made Ray
??
Hey granted you know Kamlesh ink?
Maybe I was janti
haaa
Be made of his home are
He has value?
Threats to schools
Aaaaaaaaahhh?
How?
If You do not get married, we'll do it
They do?
Hey die Jayenge
or wo moon gy
are daughter
Parents not
So what would you be now?
Well B was our wedding could not you know
hmmm
Yes he is also
You Nikhil knows the brother puts are not they kill
Well B was the truth and B was quite dict so good that her marriage elsewhere put to death so that the house Notify me
Han brother
A new you like you girl who
Nothing happened otherwise?
niiii
In the passive tension with Chalo ...
hmmm
Do not you have confidence in your sister
Arrow to
Oh .. Why would not
Well it was told Kmlesh aunt is telling about a
hmmm
It would be where we are today B.
Nikki sister not
hmmm
Those pics you'll pretend to pearl their
Okkk
You fb have ID?
Custom ?????
Hey they
ptaaa ni mere frd list mei ni h
are daughter
what
???
Mr. I. These lyrics were re their pics two
Okkk
Lucky may Frd list of brothers that
As he very good! They never leave her free Okkkk
Pooja ?
Yes has become a piece of the moon during the day?
G new and B are a girl telling Hu confidence received Human ...
So Human neither am I.

Notify me they know schools How bad when we are away from your PIR
Are didi
Pata I also know
I know
hmmm
so pls
Brother never anything wrong Kriyu
The D .. So far nei ...
To B. Ni
Nai will be ..
Okkk
good
You now have fresh mind?
niii
Aca nai hai large?
wedding *
Trying to come
hmm
Do Acha sobbing?
hmmm
Top Rhone
Brother is

hmmm
i know
Okkk

hmmm

Or dasso
what
Something.What V
what
Hehe
Let M. Lunches just come
okkk bye
DI ground
Hi
she
What car ray micro
I am watching TV
Serial

.. hmmmm
Right are caught
Are you staying No.
Something new I am sitting
With Kisk
pooja k
Not
Hostel me
Yesterday Temple Jayँge
Hi
Hey you Sonk of caring extra to keep you
think
But how much
Han
Her B Bola do my Rakne a Lye
Notify me crazy final nail are both
Biased to the Ldkiyp
Girls
okkkk babu
niii re
so that


or btaaa
All right ???
Bas sounga ab to
All cool
TIRED extra
Okkk
Re-assignment to another
Mr. I
okk
Take on Rest
kkk
Let's see if the conversation at night
FIR PD conducive
GunnitGunnite
okkk bye
gn
bye
Happy women's day di
thank u

gm
gm in
hiiiii
she
If Kai's?
mst Hi
gm
Hi

Busy ho ?
hiiii
how are you
The're cool
You heard
Docile
Are you ok
You say
I'm a R. Just make evaluation of cabin Prof

And I sat in class
The ram ram
ram ram
If Kai's
mst three
aa gy tu
I di
Was the house on
Okkk
Yoo
when will it come ???
Sister .. is not Rmto Akka's how come ..
I work also love that Mia.
Popularize that with Chup Chup
Of the try mah best
okk
Coming Jiyo
To take his suit schools so
okkkk
good
hmm
I am
hmmm
How are you
What ray?
Guarantee
something new
I am watching TV
Oops
Ashok .

niii
Saffron fortunate
Yar .. Chee
Ya'tsu k
has
what
These are what keep you see Serial
Q H crazy drama
Well I guess right
But how can u just only watch serials ..
Timepass
Goes by
Tamilla?
on
pass
pack
hmmm
this
this
hmmm
or
Just elsewhere all
Come to B from mother Mil Liu
okk
The Yes. The heart of love that I Gimne
On these work slugs ..
to aa ja
Knfughd Hun love that
Lingual stand
Take a look
Han ..
Ata ..
4-day holiday new .. and feel like going everywhere
Okkk
Coming Jiyo Okkk
i m waiting
Yes The Do not like
I then own mind ..
Okkk
To
Upset what?
hmmmm
what happened ?
something new
You did not receive so they stay free education
It was
good
The Your Ksn
promise
I speak not lie State
Just B love that work
You Kenna asking worship
ptaaa h b
In Bab deliberately
Free Home bitava Dieu Tu sometimes with jye
In the true .. I do not even Hun in tension a little Future
are
Do not get mad
Mm have to Keni ..
Do not
Tension is not something to take
hmmm
Aye to h bt to b
Hmm
Now see summer training there nice and tell
Okkk
Han ..
Just a few new
Gujiya Eat Ajao
Queue
Come up with Jiyo
Mr. Love Gujia
Did you have dinner ?
The ok ??
good
So Intuit thin raindrops landing KOB relapse quickly OB OK and see
Altar shoes to complaint
hmmmm
Here .. Gujia and Hi UNH
okkkk

hungry
hmmmm

hmmm
Lucky enough
hmmm

what else ..
Queue?
No ray of B Kane
Lena
Ghar nahi aavoge aa?
Okkk

Will come health trillion level just mom
bht
What happened Mami c?
Ask the Leo Okkk
Mama B such .. here B Bmar gain
Applications
hmmm
Hey forward Hmm B. Some lyrics
what ???
Hmm hmm kar re h
think
Or btaaa
Just come by now Dinner
Okkk
bye
Hi
she

Where changes
Fine
Haha
Food Hogya?
hmmm
Hello Sister
What is halal or
ram ram bhai
Fine
Final show
Just fun
Okkk
And aunt c how schools
Mama B tired tired .. get Sukup of Cchi have been Hospital
Okkk
What happened to Cchi
Hey something they Prblm ..
okkkk
or lucky bhai gy
Based on
That is just so
Okkk
hello Globe
fufa g of nmstei
Yes c Yes Hi
hmmmm
good
or btaaa
Movie watching .. rogue mad crazy
okkkk
WO herein h

Yes psi. Sure
hmmm
Tell me more
Just .. my project work today will start
Okkk
Finished early
Yes The net pack should more not for him
hmmm
wi h
Absent
Be here
That was Liu worked B. S. Liu
Hahah ...
Acha g thk h
hmmmm
So tell me when will the
Auँga Sister
Okkk
Progress over
Yes .... the way
bilkuk
Sure
Mama Agyi
Okkk
ram ram in
Hahahaha

Gunjia feeding will chill coming
you
Be thy
Tell worship ???
Yes tell
May not afraid
think
Know there Notify me
Neither is a good thing
hmmm
Hmm
or
Movie again
Action empty hearse
Hee
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness . May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
guide you towards the path of success . Happy Holi !
Abbe or
Ha
Kidde jal
He has
case
Perfect thou tell
Swell Agy
Hum to
Ohh
Gn
Direct gn

Hhaha
Something
heheh
Or call
BS Year fine
You tell
M v
Vdya
Dp cute h Teri balika
What's the matter Ini Achi

Now speaking
SB? It is?
Sb*

Myths are Sdburi silk that in your life
Rounak to Berger silk jise
Mehk be like Gucci
Free to Hggis that freshness is Colgate's! Hpp New Yair 06
Regards
Priya chawla Hny to you in your family Stay fit n fine
They Hi
Hi Bye
What purchase fun
Paga Or call
Or a C trphi that badiya ??
The song got a date Hey Good Good Cori a recent
Great you say so early early reply what

Abe's just like my son yes to Congress
How Taco? Eat beta shoes? You told
Aacha Ye tre bhratra h? Ya mitra?
More .. He unequaled
What Taco Abe Hindi unequaled = Very Sundt fine
Hey if you asked Hindi what Oh My Sonk are in a Linguist Telugu speak ??
Ohhh
Here is how the kid balivu Zara? What doing?
Tamil thy Yadda Nai .. game every moment your Yadda Yadda Which are you've said Tamil?

Brother can not tamika agara taking sikhaya Here is the sheaf of Tamil Teri yada say lera brushes sensation Han Tha said tariyadi h .. presiseli
Page can not be
hehhe
Salle has come here
Got Nai Abe are you get where are you'll get to tell Day
Ohh what they say Consult a boy you Citegi .. need a 04 .. report made Sunga Duँga 0: 4

Hhh then meet when told Deo schools will not get the Bhutosh of the house
C have the same time losing the high side of what's Crazy
Anywys ... you heard and feel like a brother to black heart ??
Yes, I had the same feeling Oh boy love that black gold is where to get it
Matlb empty pariyan Black Beauty
Ohhhh, I just was not Nai B .. crazy Jaygi
Oh ok Hmm Wednesday Itna b SAI ni h beta
Is Sai-ray
Good die molasses Morning
Now is Nun When you wake up the morning.
Oh yes. What is Moving
BS Year audits on schools pay audit say?
college district
Mohan Naga Hey what are the Prime Minister .. I Explain a little
Abe hr and accounts me checking
Nd labs store me checking
Cash bank tax and all
Everyone in the live well or Nai
Million items ice rs unsuccessful launch costs
Nd Bengal the case has Allov you?
We have their auditors Year
He made Appoint ha Ohho .. this thing @ that they do Appoint students to be?
have God
Hnhi
Personal Huh c Dasso
The dasa something.What persons ten for Kudie
Hey Balikay
Ha Balam child
Balam
What Abe I Balam Who ??? mistake
G .. Download Latest Mobile I Am ha8
Feeling neither Ray looks
Beta Balam looks Ra Nah Ray
Han re Hi
Halo live on by Class
Heheh bye Happy lohri ..  Ram ram Bhai ..
Agayeghaziabad
Ram ram ji
Brother do Deede
Sometimes all they get

Yes Brother ...
Bikul schools Burger injustice and hungry enough diamonds
Hahahaha
Yes brothers so like some schools the schools brother But makow B Burger Ray makow so Bulay B translation bastard
Hey . Man .. These Bhutosh and giant When a match with such a big thing .. and Uspe the mother let me out .. and B Nuskil Hmm running None brother
Elders brother older people

My friend did not come to anybody ...
Milne you plan banaynge ..
Tension is
Give me a long vacation Oe come
Just Who I come across week
Hmm
Koi children
Week Bhat schools brother

See The Holy See later
Yes, dude
And my projects are also love that
Ohu brother

Running Dekio
Team out of brother
Isi week me
Liana B was telling the recruitment day
Brother has come or else I. So not only Utu from bed
Hmm
Hang will Tje bastard
How will the lazy

B Alsi Gage in a Week
Hey Mom Pitt Pitt's hair sent to the database level right brother you have deserved them with the aunt of the time
Hahahaha
Or suba
Heard BS brother at home Mny of help
Ohhh Hrhe aja brothers made Gujia enrollment Mane
Same here bhai
Word to word

Eat thou B Hha all brothers made a little more power
Hmbe and then Khaunga lumps
Leave that for kaga
Looking bastard

Hey brother Bdbu Q Faia
Spread brother's B Spakl plan level Bdbu B of BS Kallupura members
Cutting
Kamine Haha
May this season of color bring you cheer and happiness . May the colors of the Holi continues to illuminate your life and
guide you towards the path of success . Happy Holi !  May god gift u all the colors of life , Colors of joy , Colors of happiness , Colors of friendship , Colors of luv and All other colors U want to paint in ur life . Happy holi .  Wishing You And Your Family A Very Bright , Colourful And
Joyful Holi With Love And Best Wishes !

Only brother
Han-class
Mr.
Brother Ifone you have how many
??
Brother Deal Black Friday significantly cheaper
How did the brother
45000 around you.
still
India Around is a 65.
Again Will brother Deals
Hahaha
Next year
Yes Maybe No Anniversary of acne Jmia. So maybe then came the cell.
Who is taking.
Friends had asked
Hmm .
May be I heard next week aayegi sale dubara .
Mac Book Air will many brother
But not like black friday .
May be the discounts are less .
think
MacBook Air pro .
Mac book air
Pro nahi bhayya
http://695048
Check this .
Brother Air
How much brother Rupis
Brother do not know.
I am not a real fanatic of Apple .
Just bought this phone as I got a good deal .
Thik h bhayya
Divided by 4
Thik h bhayya
And whom
Naira is approx 45 against dollar .
Just cool.
Missing family . badly
At today's wedding.


Ayayyo
Whose wedding schools brother?
Hehe
Sister's wedding and the Not There.

The uncle of Bombay. Daughter
Good brother
When are you coming
I will land on 9th
Morning
mee too but aaj hai jaldi chalke dekhte: P
I would call
Light hai abhi , I'll try attending one myself .
That might have better caught attendance.
I Directly tomorrow Aungi wedding
Room probably will stay no tomorrow, can be canceled just his booking?
Sorry , aaj subah tak pata nahi tha that I wouldn't be able to come today
I was really trying ki aajayun
par if its possible and any other guest needs a room , mera room de de kisi ko bhi
Toh we'll get tickets to train today.
Level of course, I'm Surrey will work the car to a second home
Btv Mr. actual thinking out May first will go home, and the venue on the evening will go
I can happily do research and continue the foreign interviews aaram se now
When shall give Toh exclude kettle
Toh brother function not to be able to smoke than two days
View tickets will be so expensive that then will not you
The lending peramanenta intejhama you by!
Think all of our college Gujju will also sit
Yes boots freeze vacant posts.
Go Goa beach on was so noisy we were missing Gokarna


Timepass doing Hu
Then have become quite good friends, a day eating she calls on
Written 0 degrees is also the speech on the
I last beans was a quarter past the hostel Cooking xD
What is cool is made shakes and cold coffee
I stayed opened Fb tomorrow Daddy Ayur profile pic
vaise group mein rakhna is a good idea too .
Please put the photos of their side
I have the recipe of what I made that day , jiski photo bheji thi .
Toh are around 11 o'clock get out of their home
What happens to see and tell.
Just Tooae not make some plans Man, But Will keep u posted.
In Veddings is much work
Man take it telling how urgent medical leave?
You had your throat not last beans ??
In your phone that photos of Comic Con was not sent!
basic details bhar kar bas next next click karna hai essentially
And this year is no doc that placement / interns?
Last Month By'm just going Timepass TGA
Mr. Fund Committee sleep Avesme half of people living with wing members!
Yes we are falling into your wing!
O Han'ti Bean Working held my previous paper I sleep he also saved
agar laptop pe hai then see what I've posted on the group !
kabhi i'll make you sit down and just tell me phrases and awesome ho jayega
I have a subject of End beans, and most Panga his own
Let's be Hope perfecting Major chunk!
Sari get together Avsomeness
Seniors were in another block, were thought Juniors Fireworks bursting Hiyँ, we also Fodenge
All Boys added another Diwali Mnn hostel
And then take the whole wing tried to take me = P
Shit B, Shri Should Nuske take me Tell My Vingmates learned from you
Later Mr. Emailed again, then return internship Give
And once a little, just for Your Satisfaction little turkey News
women wala to I don't think koi specific issue hona chaahiye
istanbul in general safe hai if you dont go to places you're not supposed to ( which is true with most cities )
office me to everybody speaks english to koi tension nahi hai
mai word of mouth se refer kar dunga and I'll send your resume along
Never But startup might have to work!
However, some ideas about the company?
cliche dialogue ka response with a cliche dialogue
Fuckin me 4 times in Czech day money come or not
Like even though they're going good , unko call nahi aa raha ?
Yet another set of Ppl list has not
I dont realy know how these things work but tera dhyan aaya when I saw this ..
I'd have to kill you 2 bar ditch, do you call then call when
Nor thy Toh office will also Hyderabad?
Mr. I dont think it is written in his destiny to meet before placements
Which also have my pending wire, please let returned.
Which was also the last beans mixed mess Aksempsn, he let his tricks comment'm sorry or ping'm sorry
Abe is no electricity in hostels Lab aja: p
Here stale air for you
Let Reshare loses someone had also download
Does anyone have some idea of ​​Grdes the topology
Has paid some random sports equipment What?
Who come can not be talking to Sir Not sign will Surprises
What do you know about a roommate who is?
We will miss you guys, for the Little Things
Juice of 12 instruments of birthday treats on only 7 people will
Sometimes it takes a Aw maybe they Hey Studang in science Arts College?
Like the final answer should be workoutable na
I tell you in detail in a while
Until then Toh company will have held campus e think.
Dataset Banana is not Easy.
But will try us, so Let's C. Where This Goes!
Check pom Way Car
we have already started , nahi ?
Others I am telling to help me: P
What're you guys working on abhi ?
I now Strawberry Smoothie P: D
Strawberry Smoothie Where did?
mere paas blender hai so I used that to whip me up some breakfast :D
Brought no new movies Mr. Wish
arey , watch the old ones na !
maine kal masaan dekhi , it was awesome .
Prior to that Mr. extent Seine Drisyam
And I had the sword also observed.
To see the sword I Sins a long time: D
I cant reveal ki kis bare main hai , i might end up describing the movie :P
Sword Hotstar on Dekle, for free: D
Hey what are the trucks around the world on the ground next to the hostel?
Mr. Saw Them Arrive, one after the other, was so trucks sari
What other ideas can be made?
Btw maine kal gym join kara :p
Will enjoy Gym Mr. Hope: W
Trainer was a little awkward Thug, I'm Asuming no one Aksperiansd trainer today
New Girl's Hostel construct
Trucks are coming so, e think.
Where have joined Gym?
Indiranagar mein hai , right above cafe coffee day ..
Direct taken quarterly subscription fourteen
Believe I'll go Gym so Time Asumption in the U
it will be great agar tu continuously jayegi
Slim and will trim: D
haan re , working out feels super good also , vaise
2 din huye nahi and you are starting to feel good , nice !
Tht's What! The first day, on the 2nd day: p
E think he is being slept since then: P
He Nocturnal phase now as
Came a new video Twf is dating apps on.
E think will be quite an interesting one.
Uh Nice! Mr. Hare Permanent Roommates season's second coming; D
His trailer You saw
it shd b out on Valentine's day , us din viral ho jaega .
Yeah, see you tomorrow AH Trailers.
Sister has uploaded Almost all the images Wedding photos ^ _ ^
there's so many of dem !
it was so awesome !!!
( ok that wasnt mixed :P )
Schools no little too pure language word will be running: P
E think I would have add this licking and people
Random things will continue
Wedding pics and lovely, my friends or Family has also Like: D
Tall mind also add'm sorry
Register for the seminar?
Was register But the page now will not attendance of Sys.
What are the funny ones College.
I'm quite worried k is sem seminars kam honge
Srsli, they have no way translation.
this is not fair at all ! :/
Hopfulli will come Seminars ahead Thde
Not seeing now might have the 5
Brother you both go where access to their things
Well sword gtk Movie
I can't believe ki tune poori chat padhi :P
A Very spelling mistakes all
Airlift was Avesme man!
made me proud of those indians there .. and relieved ki main turkey nahi gayi :P
main typo queen hun
Grmmtikal mistakes will be with spelling Kke
Which are all so unnecessary data not for thee
I always did you'll be grateful for all the people who help
The Jhada needs Indian metal act then proceed Buy Their Stuff and attending concerts
Plus I like the books that so many movies I'll see around 150 juice I Hall
Which offers more books not so rich and Immersing Experience
im sorry i pinged you so late at night , dhyaan hi nahi aaya
The summer has taken loses it.
he has said ki if i do well then he'll take me for my thesis also .
I am almost sure that she will say ki ye 5 baar khelne pe toot jayega and all
I always did you'll be grateful for all the people who help
The Jhada needs Indian metal act then proceed Buy Their Stuff and attending concerts
Plus I like the books that so many movies I'll see around 150 juice I Hall
Which offers more books not so rich and Immersing Experience
im sorry i pinged you so late at night , dhyaan hi nahi aaya
The summer has taken loses it.
he has said ki if i do well then he'll take me for my thesis also .
I am almost sure that she will say ki ye 5 baar khelne pe toot jayega and all
bhaari brick girane pe zaada points milenge , so a smart person will put heavier bricks at the bottom
I should get some strange not Announs'm praying mike on me.
Will you also have different material jiska tum castle banaoge ?
Because donkeys have Overbuked said that was the flight said the other day, come tomorrow
Paper'm Czech man just might have sat
Tht's Why 1 captive seat were Elekshns the loaded separately
Now it's your city might have taken quietly Research to
I began to hit the Bay was when walking around with him !!
Hey will then rules will only work out spread
Sister fired so much time to understand lambda calculus
Quietly.Is this paper bursting Deo will pit Varna
By tomorrow evening Hopfulli will be enough Porsn
Mr. actual Skared guard not take hold might have had to Czech he had room on or not: P
karne ko toh you guys could have not stood against each other .
Maybe Mr. actual upset and was not just to talk to someone
did you end up going to numaish ?
And should give much larger dataset?
I was 15 minutes
Surrey, after the 9th deadline She's Available
Mr. Wonder will find today how they work in office
she was up all night because uski flight thi
E Can See is cast How Effort to create larger data sets
Obvisli, have to work to get some!
Anyone that would like some?
YES CHOCOLATES HERSHEY COOKIES AND CREAM le aana PLEASE
I love that chocolate as much as I love jab Adele gaana gaati hai
Yes Surrey You who now I write
Code mixed hi toh hai .
Finding sleep, Mr. Realised This chocolate Hershey's in Bangalore last week is very difficult.
You are so cool and smart ^ _ ^
haan , it's quite difficult hyderabad mein , as well
Twix and toblerone thok bhar ke rakhi hoti hai in pretty much every place .
i forgot to ask , kal tujhe karachi mein hershey's mile the ?
Not, Someho was not there
Placed near Breds are
Your Laver will Dubai.
Many-to-Many daru la-capable Hi.
No, Mr. actual making authority sentence in which Hindi and English.
Small Talk and will dataset of a way through the rubbish.
It Varna Useles shit will be buzzing.
I got cold strange.
Hyderabad ke is weather mein cold hona is just extremely weird as shit
ajjeb cold Disco Ne Pati?
Everyone make some spelling mistakes too
Hey Aiti's wattle Thing Desert and where a Nostril come Fluids in a Nostril.
Airlift is turned on
Forum Mall, Recliner seats on'm sitting.
For d 1st time
Did the war means 250 or seat have to kill it?
I'm sitting 1st Time Espey, and wife paid for it.
Be difficult to type in SMS lingo I'm
chalo , movie begins , c u l8er
Schools, the Mjhghe Movie
I'm starting on training 1.1 million pairs now
then usse 1,00,000 embarrassed guys the
English should also work out Normlizhtion
Working with this data would be too easy
And casts a man, you should submit sure your paper, You Need A full paper with Your first author in IT
Lmme Knov you when lab.
bhejna please whenever you have time
What to do for a thesis, and how much work this Suffisiant, Ets ...
Yes, here also, Tht'd Bay A Lot helpful
It's difficult Dund back Pprs cell, Pprs I send thee to night
tu keh raha tha na , you have some pointers and all .
Hotel Jake Whose name to Hajj for the room?
26 None of the events to date and 27th the event is not open does not work out in the air?
but college waale almost saare baahar se hain , so I have the booking for them .
Are you saying I'm not Surrey> _>
Mr. actual weighting being a Hyderabad with me 'til the last moment might have should I get with him
So you can transfer his hisaab here if you wish .
it looks similar to the collection of all the golis that paan wala has
And non-veg ones was the best his bacon macaroni
agar tu up for it hai toh I might have a tiny gift for you
After the play pass template People
unke happy hours kaafi awesome hote hian btw .
ek baar us ko ping kar , he should inform you about it better and yes , you might get company
Canteen ke samose ache the and lemonade too
Board games can play we ...
He ping I separated him
But kaafi cool feeling hai being on the guest list
So in people in the mood to drink anyway
Yeah, speak alone loses anyway take Avkward
I loved their music even though felicity tak kuch suna nahi tha .
mera mann hai because I know they're a great band .
I want to go tomorrow, and tomorrow's presentation also
See Leo Question please do Leniyntli Czech
Will not exceed 24 Toh Highest, set purchase Sir Soz Thts were times
Perhaps they have finished checking the 17th
Two can give to You think after tomorrow? > _>
Mr. Am Looking For It held programming club GRP But I can not find the post
Not come in a day or two might have subsided I'll call.
Yet to be confirmed Amritpuri team me.
Had little graph theory.
I thought to Kpare the Sum
To Long paper or short-run?
He is your only Already
Ray aktayuali he keeps Shortlist were ppara
So what you have to approach someone Already ..? Otherwise I'm alone trust of Now .. !!
That comes later, more Krdunga later
So pudding quickly began to collect pics !!
Entryjh should Kardeni began to collect ..
You will not have onions, right ??
Sandvichejh making?
same old placement ka rona
Just in case Mr. Ahve missed Telling You I got his hand burned
E Think Research Portal is just
I woke up thodi der pehle and remembered you wanted to wake up at 6 .
I do not sleep waiting for your update
Just prepare achhe se as much as possible .
Address was Sim Rnsfer not phone
I was licking should spice
There are some Indian Companies where batch
Yes, I can take a list that go where referrals were made.
You, it was to ask whether you would like to stay in your old room or move to another room
matlab , agar ek word is the last word of a sentence , then you shouldn't make a bigram of it and the frist word of the next sentence na .
kal shayad class na ho , ma'am out of town hain
Tomorrow we will run again, please: /
So take a reduced sleep listening to good music
I around 7 in the evening best time to find the way.
Abbe my comments like, not their post!
Come and tell me Agyi you the time Toh
Schools, makes me feel must have been read, because she was not in the mood right up to!
Else I would eat just Sandvichejh what Btv?
Different shops have different Kupons are looking for
whatever ive ordered will come in the afternoon , kaun pick up karega fir
toh , sahi , I don't need to get bread then right ?
i am just worried about my samaan , 2nd floor pe store room mei padha hai
I have permission might have grabbed before Dean
And what can not happen, some B copied from somewhere?
Mr. NEED then Knov never showed both gave Same thing transcripts from an online resource
Bring it met loses her Hieroglyphs O Wants
accha yeh income tax return file kiya tune ?
I was too scared for a second ..
But I was banking on the fact ki traffic nhi hoga
I'm sorry that had to flee in the end because of laziness
Now the fun is just take provisions out of college
Sorry Ray Mentor Suddenly a little more crazy
Next Year to you as well as to said applied ask?
mere kaafi pehle khatam ho gaye the , so I haven't been looking out for any
Thou shalt not take the tension will come to train in the end
Play a question Customs so other Ruff can take much stuff?
yahaan se the closest office is 5.6 miles away .
vaise do you know the SSN office is very close to our housing
I saw her going , so I thought tum saath hoge .
Oh You said that you would today, so you went to Mr. Told Him.
Hmm good thing that ab toh parties start hui hei
Of course not then Panga Nai registration?
Schools let'll quickly finish nachos not get well might have to
i'll tell you when i can eat nachos again , uske baad hi laana
Packing the same time will be Ktini Akssitement do xD
Hihiii. Glad you Knov Someone might have worked well during the holiday!
btw , apne batch waalon ko bol de to apply jaldi se if they want to ..
Their Interviews will then be dealt today.
oh and agle saal there will be chhote chhote first years .
talk a lot to them , theek hai ?
Hha .. I had him join the Red Electric inner side of the tape
Dinner aboard a problem eh?
Should some of Knov market in Lathe then
Aunt making lunch today or tomorrow?
Mummy Monday being the Morning
And Mr. actual Hoping to begin a Interviews
I do 50 and apply to Companies sit tomorrow
The meeting is said to Time Did
Having settled now paper Vgehra now chill Mario vacation days: P
Which not Toh came Tuje remember to plan meetings booting just
Has been delayed now loses Anywys Will the
Toh reading May baseline Asumption pay was all chat running
Maybe they have to swap among themselves
Do Curious ever now Ping works Messenger
main toh aapko puch raha thaa in case you have pinged her about it ...
Is not filled by a lot of people Khuastions docs .... give a reminder pulses at all !!
Specially once you've celebrated ki job lag gayi and all
aur agar nahi milaa then they will rescind the offer ?
Broke March my visa.
Vice Off-Campus What was the process ...
Some people were asking ....
Just under you guys work hard for those placements.
Thanks you guys made every time
Register Portal, which will pay all of the lift will resume ...
The code has been cracked ... to have to see properly
But I'm Appliing a lot of campus, and that was located somewhere in the mass Then I'd Bay deputy under taking.
So Mr. Have you applied are the Companies Because it turns out very few people 1b.
London office are different from those selected for
Mr. Have received Question - has to accept campus should be in placements work out of IT?
Is not so much an emergency ....
You talk to in the rest Krlo ... after ...
I just want to give referrals to Internsihp?
I have referred people for Facebook , agar ye bol raha hai toh
Last year we had asked for a sari queries group on the post
And monday ko I'll interview with that company
Haan , is post mein you can put 1 more .
I love the haridwar waali photo .
but not so obviously ki i'm using it
didi found a site that allows rakhi delivery to uae
Know $ 27 is how many Toffis?
Yes, Mr. and O Vere Gujassing as they show symptoms,
cheezein bata rahe the woh about the HCU thing also .
Written in Mr. GOT delayed after script shaving, not online then came
Is much horrible politics in the bay right
Back look in form
When will simply take the will of the board
Now, see how the stuff to download to you
Otherwise such movies are not too much
abbey mast expression Chapters hai wo
Only put posters Toh Room
His movement is how I Indotrinate no
But these two GIFs made sure by Brain Damage
Is staring Kripy Akspreshnles these
Mr. Suggest you guys look trailer Mstijade
Inside not home sector
Wedding, please do not miss function.
I even enjoy having biryani on suspect
I go to the airport Aun of Knov Beforehend in just Lathe
Is actual, it was here plan to rape the Bait
let me go through the venue and timings , for batata hun tujhe in some time .
Take a look, I'm Asuming to when they are Vould Bay Fun Night.
I'm guessing 26th morn ki ceremonies would start around 10
haan but I'll arrange daaru for 26th night in the hotel room .
Saying rightly been interviewed
I don't have to take any courses , but thesis creds ke liye tuition fees doon ?
And Hieroglyphs not out, the register must be 12
Yes I am leaving this year Asumption mine.
Oh But what relations it spam?
Toh how Banda add to you, ask the passenger thought was in First Place
Yes, if people have this problem by having her students Life Group
but itni saari hain ki making a choice is difficult
Yes, the French are speaking tone Flovi
matlab kaafi smoothly sounds change karte hain , toh it sounds classy .
Such a right shall know any French prisoner
French on the prisoners might have are all Fida
Regular delivery mein they have two weeks or so .
Ooh cross komentsa the above symptoms, attention was not only
abe ek baat bata , does it make sense for me to stand from there ?
But Vale will ever meet and talk Regarding This
and for all i care , I'll ensure aisa issue naa ho , but jo tuna kiya wo natural tha .
he didnt know about your status , toh bata diya maine :/
Honestli, what do not understand write
ab mujhpe induce mat kar by overemphasizing your successes
bhaaga toh hoon , but ran from rain , not in rain technically , if intent ever matters
if you are on campus , ek baar go and ask updates
Annie Updtes what is happening in our project?
O Said No reply came apart,
Running cell Terise What will matter who you are
Said: Brother Jain
4 o'clock ... now Ajao my brother .. :-(
Brother said the 4 o'clock early au
Not come Dude
Where do you Baijan
What Baijan
Halo Sallu Bhai, how Aap brother? Your biggest fan I brother :)
4 pm but the brothers come yet;)
4:04 over
Brothers movie I social messages tell
Who will BRO do so fan too
Brother Work Kyakkhme even a little later But Pljhgh to Tusn :(
Veer Ji arrived I went Kruuo Start yo yo yo Jay Slmnnnnnn :)
Hey do amazing we are all wet
Brother what time
Stand Pak was brother ketana and 8 Kravoge?
Brother told you
Aapko bachpan se hi apna best hero mana ....... aapne na aajtak kisi comment ka reply na likes .............. Today Saad me ....... you bahoot bhoot hit do .... laken main ab sad hoo..aap mere favroute hero rahoge laken ek baar like ya comment de te to accha rehta ........ Thanku
Juz in last 5 mints... 5000 comments and 10000 likes.. Itz juz awsum
Slmankkbai Kkap How many Fans are looking to make your weight Hakkjast Halo so Kehdo everyone
Sirji will not talk now
Brother come swear you Bajrang Bali
The actor Sir Pljhghjh go Its 4:02
On said App brother? Quickly received B Jaw
4 pm but the brother has not come yet ...
Salman Khan meeting Bjhy O come online will he
4 o'clock Salman
Brother plus never Mathura Come here after you filled Kpls will never mad philosophy let your Fans Here you see brother
Salman plz cm?
You where we come
Hmm ..... you come unknowable've lost ... Salman: *: *
Katrina What are you doing know..you with Ranbir
Pllljhjhghjhghjh Talk no Affairs Am Waiting when
Hey go head today arrived to 4C Internet puck cast Hakkab ..;)
It's 4:02 sir
Brother o'clock 4 party remains yet
What Baijan .. ?????????.
Sayed App busy Hokkkohi thing we can not get it te O
Man ringing the brother .... Reply?
Brother say so right
Overbearing 3? When
Be Baijan ... said ???
Tell brother, i have to ask you 3 Kvestiv
Kara Intjarr your .. ..
Sir happened if you say something once called Koro brother, John 918399840411
How do Sum on Yrr // Twitter or Fb! in oil
Brother, we do not make flowers
Hellooooo be above 6 Mint gayayayayayaya
Cost Salman only your precious time is not ours?
Said Sir
Proposed Hapen Now do not speak 5 will Bjhe talk
4 bhai india my trouble Eng
Baijan how
Come on brother
Have said Ariy thing they do these
Brother to own you we die weight gain Carey
Number 0 Mment Haran the scroll Hogye we
4 Sir trouble gye
Brother pour must first work out song Atif every film in May
Sir Bjrngi Baijan .... The best movie ..... in Bullywud. ... Mr. Wish
I Jacqueline B Fan with you
BS brother
4 o'clock ..... party still is .... Sallu Bhai
Salu Brother Marie sure you Lft Krvojtr Mary.
Children kick mili
bhai bhauiiiiiii khaaa outrecuidance
Once I was then the commitment does not listen to myself .....
Sir it's 4.o6pm
Today, it seems Facebook on them will become the whorl record comments
Are wet from 3:30 in the morning, you have 4 PM .. now might have come to Pljh Pljh
Star of tantrums are herein has not been playing 4
yes actually it's 4.06 ..
Sausage salami sausage salman
Sleep ... Ajayenge yourself
Where disappeared ????
What happened sir?
Hello brother'm a big fan May know how
Salam Brother Jumma Mubarak
Bollywood Shan your Baijan
Hlv do not then come you is not stupid
Do not do this man ... Pljhghjh
Do not worry brother did not come Toh also will
Brother, how are you?
Brother, you are a Hollywood movie when ???
Brother became a joke these 4.6
Hello brothers to do the same ...
Kabhi To Waqt Pe Aya Kro Salu Miya ..........
Do said Baijan thing .. ## Pljh .. ## my daughter is your biggest fan .. ##
Translation Ayege he must show Kapil Ksnde to sale promotion. Face to Face
hi salman or ......
4 o'clock when you come online
Ebya brother Sarfaraz T hya dayaga by deception.
Sameer Shaikh probably Baijan joked: D
Paya asked helu
Do all hahaha
i can't wait more plzz come :(
Brother come quickly
All what
Bhayijan Bajrangi All Time Blockbuster
4 pm on brother
May be said not Come
# Salu brother just when replying to Bcio: P
Abe remained Salman stupid people here is and people will not be in the B o foot Snja Bay Bajrangi
Baijan how ??!?
Aja 've Mahi tera rastâ € | udeek de ha?
BRO o'clock to talk to you 4:00 Cup
Bloody Bnadia all
OK put me on the matter will e? Or What app on? Tell me quickly ...
Baby now it's already 4.06 com naa waiting ..
Brother I am a big fan you may please you number do not know me
So wet so never B. Gough
Halo ... Salman Khan g ....
Boy OK sallu
Brother told you
But Baijan live, what to shoot your movie ?? Practices lead Raton days Pyo!
Salman brother ... What is the solution
Sir ji app ksy hoo ??? Hmlogo k apk flim k bauth din sa intyjar tha so .......... Ap k film bajrangi bhaijan jarur dkhgy .... We LOVE YOU.SALMAN Sir ....
Brother My big fan of you, please have the numbers do not know me
I just have to ask tha all the time so people Bodigardve surrounded us as you can get Kokase is ??????? Please Give answer.
Hii Salman bhai
Mr. Knov brother's life has always been poor net like
What happened speak also said
They ... tell ... How said .....
hey Mery inbox from msg agay salman the yahooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo \
Now come on, sir 4 o'clock we are wet
Kitthe have been Sllu G 4:07 left
Brother .. how .. and waiting not have come soon
Brother doing weights 2 days now to comment
You will not come
Salman bhai hya
Salman Bhai's phone no loo yarrrr
Salman # brother # you # # We want # artist # to # do you heart # # # like the But we would wish all the heart to get you to do your Didar
I love you. I fill you. I think you and marnasa pahla apsa 1bar milongga jaroor. I'm from Bangladesh.
Pljhgh to Salman reply you definitely we are your and 8 Currey
Everyone is useless ..... no one is going ..... will not Salman
You're late you his commitment over the Nai
Sallu Bhai .... Where are you ??
Your plant team to watch poor schools probably ... 4 might have been ringing .. :-(
We will network problem if rain is the same
Salman Khan is mad
Guess Watch Slow brother ;-)
Sir please hurry au
As Salman sir Where Your Money Your Fan Here # Akki
Said ... G Salman now not Say Something
Friday is the day, the point of chatting. God saved me, the fake pages.
brother . Come too ..
Sir plus a reply give .... I will be mad if teachers gladly .... plus Sir, Plskki Beg u.
Brother Lou talking Pljh 1 December
Brother team ...
..... Kia are 0 received 00 years left?
Abitna do blushing
Come on now doing Hokkvet are you so late come Salman sir Pljh how come online Ajo Ajo
I want to meet you
Brother said Ajao
Brother 4:10 they had come early
Hey will speak to man brother Nhu
It's 4:10
What Fvkkfud
sallluuuuuuuuuuu aa bhi jao: '(
As you will Bjrgi Baijan hit without Muslims're saying is the truth ..
Hey are you Aynge not we're going .....
What made the evening Kmusm Lee stretched out.
4 indian standard timing means 4:15 ? Pranam bhai ? ..
Come ye said Mrkslman
Brother his 3 was uttered 30 PM and 4: 00 PM Bola now 4: 10 has pum Kthis Is Not Fair
What happened ... Baijan ....
Brother ate know Salman Khan
Sir The best thing is not to have to joke with his fans
Hey Say the thing. Q We're all fans of pay Boht. That is Anhi for this. The B Bo how to talk with that.
Salman sir We want to meet with you Pljh Sir ...
Bhai said of the line.
4 Pt then went ringing Kbke ... You said Bajrangi Bhaijaan
Brother when the Arhe
How ... Helokkbia !! :)
Brother come
And how is
Slmnnnnn been waiting here? for you ?
Ajo living longer
Brother does not offer VAT Rosa Ramadan
4:10 So was now :(
Not come What Baijan
Now come on, sir ... Pljh Ajo
When Talak not Jauँga Fb in you not Aoge
Baijan was 4:11. when will you come
Kaya was, said app, we do not Bnrha then cock the logo?
Call all together ....
Hlp car two d Pljhgh brother
Well brother took ~~
Brother still waiting so made it
Kamal acts Pandyas c so much finance ??
Suu Kyi's Muslim north App rojhaya ash humu
It is an old habit of Salman Khan .... Let come: P
Mom not be Ohir brother post office Behja ha you do not know until some doubts that right now at the address Neh Your Adress address or circular Kia posture ha
Brothers tell me something
Domineering be eating
Ajao brother to eat life
In your bot am big fan
Salman bhai Pljh matter Bola Dat your Gough shall Civil Say Halo 2 Pljh my respect for him remained in front of me Halo Ajay speaking not given Pljhgh as your pair promptly ha
The betrays Baijan ....
Why is the hero of the last entry is still shown
Pavan Kuman ... just might have Ajao ..
Brother said
Brother Me and weight would not be No. Your weight 3.30
aap ache for him? Points conformity bana rah him
Weight is not a good thing Brother .... brother just cry rest
Baijan rocking do
Level Please Messe You'll be talking to someone
plz Pakistan si r Kaisa behjon
The time all public naming them what Sallu Sallu What ????
Talks to eat
Baijan be eating
Clokkuc have new brothers must have stuck in a job
luv u sallu..:-*
Sallu bhaai i am w8 4r bajrangi bhaijaan ..
Brother Nai will then until natural call will also accept Nai ??
Brothers Come Again
Salman effluent UAR Best
Brother Your watch is slow
Hello Sir Salman G why this is happening so late Pljh quick reply Pljh Minister in Waiting for Ur Response
Salu brother I take you heard they're doing Kia.
Luck Salman Best of Four Bajrangi Bhaijaan .... this time will break all records ... Inshallah
4:00 pm Sir
Quickly ago Brother
Salman Khan's brother Party is still four Bjjtre
Will not Salman bhai
you have to come
Brother, mother's biggest fan in the world and brother Jodhpur men
What what the answer Dungachalo'm a lucky draw
And how 4 ...
Hey Saab Apse then Hmm Ptiwate May meet?
I gave my heart, my love....
I'd first do not rally sir ..
The ju bbye
Baijan is my Babi and how Bkt Smlke Rkhogejara see me ... :)
Can not sorry Frnds brother
Above for a man to keep the what top minds have Hkyu the level Sochne 2-4 Gough to the side
If Brother 1st day 1st show of which might have to know what is the use of Rehne
Bii where waiting fur Uuu ....: (: (: (: (: (: (: (: (
Bia scheme Lukin sleep Superb known movie Bajrangi Bhaijaan ,, do the same we always love Fans Rhekitna enough I Lia.lv U Bia
Your taken Toh Saab firstborn second Many have called Jina with Koh Frista
Abi brother fun out PIR Behja ha you not to some Snds of Lia know Neh Your Adress
Translation Arः brother
Yet why not belongs to Salman sir ?? $$$$ Diang then TLC so shall .......
3.30 4.00 4.00 4.30 Ana O or not
Comment of missed tired of reading come back to Ray's brother
Salaam micro Elkum brother Iam from Pakistan Kia would you like to come to Pakistan for a Bajrangi Bhaijaan
Boy milk line ......
Brother once I
Do you love so much
When are you coming
I did not expect this from you brother
Salman bhai Pljh once call me 7048830072 Pljh Pljh brother then comes me death went to run Brother
Hey Sllu do your watch slow level ??
Brother John Pljhgh
My father lives in Bombay He once you had sought help had a blood cancer in a patient and you
Brother abusing the younger brother
Brother said it knew Wake .4.13 PM
Syed brother Buzz will come Baijan this come to new course once Baijan the commitment Krdi so Krdi
Sallu Mia forgot everything do not remember them now
4 p.m.
Brother come quickly Subi Waiting
Will Sallu Bhai will Jorror
... Long live salmaayan bhaijaann ........
Watching bajrangi bhayijan
Salman's brother is now the dominant 3 Satara May shoots, sleep Next Time Fans
4.13 now
A global mass Bear batayam These cores
4 baj gaye sir .,.,.,.come plz ,.,.,.,.
Brother .. how are you .. ?? Let that be are reading Apkmera Kmment Toh Pljh a reply
Brother's sale of said .... until 6 pm
Brother i am waiting for you to film
Abe will eat lying in Ckkr of Satan
Prr me a favor of me to say no to the principal to get married :)
Bhai aap mazak a6a kr lete hai .....  ¡   « ¡?  ¡  «  ¡?  ¡   « ¡?  ¡  «  ¡? Lov u Bhai .....
Some less-ray even those
Irrr became Lao or early 4:14
Let's come not everyone Salman their home .... !!
Did so not brother you held it to your Top Secret we have directed it for your wedding news doses too years ago ???
Your every style is unique sir
Brother, you give your number Salman bhai
5000comment in 5minute
I Taha built the cheek as possible NH
The first 3:30, then 4:00 and now 15 Ministers over brother
And c brother Neither Hocuki programmed so busy ha micro Thora to someone talk Krckti ha presents with so easy Salman Khan ??????
Amazing do Pandey called us live disappear here .....
i lv u urmy fav star koi nai ap sa proud of u i lv u
Sir Wanted sequel when coming head after your name Wanted domineering now Bajrangi Bhaijaan
Sallu Bhai come Patiala to promote his film ...
The Hotkey question, you felt that you Bajrangi Bhaijaan?
Also how come two days which Kya Nai Pleas come too
Madharchod Salman Khan Randy boy bastard infidel
Now that you have been missing
God save .... Salman
Lol brother How come I have server crashed brother
Sir, we are your weight please talk
Me ashamed of you in speaking are all a front
You'll reply ....?
Baijan go with Hokkkt you
Not yet arrived Salman bhai online?
Hello brother Pljh Rply in Once Pljhghjhghjhghhlo brother Pljh Rply in Once Pljhghjhghjhghhlo brother Once in Once Pljhghjhghjhghhlo brother Pljh Rply in Pljh Rply Pljhghjhghjhgh
Now come and ... Good evening Bolkk goodbye car that will go
Or Facebook will crash
Rollo now 4.15 What Year Ana Nhi is what you
What brothers are also Fache 4.14 Pt have not yet given her a rape brother do it and trust u ... Awri Time
Hey Salman brother where are the app 4 Bjke 15 Tu
Amazing when you're eating Mr. Pandey
Go to the Brother pljha
Early Au brother
Salman bhai is on Suts Sultan movie now
Shall Kidhr
Amazing to be
Brother I am longing to talk with a man
Yes # will Ndim_shaikh Amma ..
Salman bhai ... heard you suffering a groin Hakkallah you soon including Yab Krekkamin Suma Amen
Pls pls pls reply ones...
Be married martyr brother went to you when
voo pajii tusi kitee chale gaye c
So Matt Karoo
Mene thought you speak always the truth is very good self But you do not know at all Assaa O
Brother VAT not eat just to eat hungry
To him be Salman Khan Facebook means. They ny said in his interview.
Sala .. The cost of Terko others a time ..
hiiiiiiiiiiii sallu bhai im big fan sallu bhai aapko twitter par roz mai hi massage karti ho im big fan sallu bhai reply plzzzzzz
Bhai plz marry
4 o'clock on but the meeting still
I have been feeling are no admin betrayed all ..
Quickly brother
salman bhai am ur big fan.... am from paaaakkkiiissstan.... plzzz plzzzzz plzz plzzzz rply me one time..... plzzzzz waiting
Like # Bajrangi the Army us # Hanuman Milengakhm all heart mother just # Salman Milenga.
Recruitment to get wet can now talk Toh inbox
Mr. Love shall brother. . Which do frontage are not Pljh msg. . Kbikojh brother Olvis alike. . Wish shall receive BST Lkk # Slman_bai
E Think World Bigkgret FAN OF SMALL brother friend of Menkkbai Dusmn my Dostkbai My DusmnkBhai ka bro mera broBhai ka sis mera sisBhai ka wife mera .... bill: D
Also I did a Slu Hun change in Geez
Brother come
loveee u saluuuu
brother. The Nai Shahid married. ? ??
Confidence Salaam alaykum :) wait Nai is Pljh less fast
Susila g will I also sat sat jo aap jaisa superstar india could hua. ... susila will salute. ..
OK Tjik not Anha tell Tokdo head
Brother Bihar Patna How come plus Reply
Brothers of In Oye .. not throwing anything of Sallu Bhai .. Do you understand
that's a lie.
Be disappointed
Hlv Baijankbjrngi Baijan is to take what Opecsha to? In this film you believe Hanuman GK in real life you're Hanuman JICA time?
what happened brother
Now go
Brother Kamal the pair will you 3 Nun.
Do the brothers say they will Bujji will appear
Just now they are the same thing Pljh Kolkata come quickly
Talk to Hlv eating circuit not
The morning of the 7th day of your apartment in Sir Eve stood you could not see in the view
You sisters and brothers loved?
When neither was said that
Aaaa be .. aaaa can also be ... Bajrangi Bhaijaan aaaa
Profile pic is gone Do Change 2 years we do DL Chung your name
Delusional party all ... Now relax ... brother sleeping ...
Brother Go Avi
Brother give me your Twitter account password Du Plus: P: P: P: P: P: P
Sallu is the 4 o'clock Aja programmed not
What we have Knfused will talk Au We offline should hail.
Bollywood Love Bollywood fitness Player Bollywood King Bollywood God
Your rape in Pljhgh and 8 Kerry come and work Rhugiy Pakkka
4: brother eating are 19
Said Salman Khan?
# Mr. Pandey told The app we are wet from people when the have the # welcome
Brother said any items you did not get Toh
Amazing to be Sllu G ..... Rply nor does it ....
Salman Khan Kmine When therefore thou thief Laws
Perhaps Baijan you have to prepare not bye Iftari helpful busy bye brother
Today anyone reply Nai gonna Sir Salman made owl
Salman did come when they do not know anyone walks
We welcome the IO has come for you to not only
Salman sir may complete Life weight for you
Pljh Bajrangi Bhaijaan a reply Pljh May M.P. Rewa'm going to be busy
madat karo khusi milega app ne bolatha but madat karene se dukhu badha jata he kay karu bhai. ???????? plz reply bhai
Brother ... 4 <= have been ringing? Where are you
Saaaaavdhan brought formula of calling Salman bhai ... just talk to 51 rupees and Sallu Bhai .. offering.Why Baba .. just 51 rüpe
ye salman khan ki real id h ya sab fake h salman sir ko inna tym h ki wo aae or hum s baat kare i think its fake
Brother definitely my Rply already told Du ;-)
Brother told me Rply must first let ;-) his own Bola I have many comments reads to come read it, and his: D
Bhai ao the
I can I like to have to do it ????????
Dsir what my poor a reply Melay c Pljh ....?
ab kitta wait krwaoge
Jaldi facku color ????
Came the reply came brother
Have you slept
What Sallu Bhai Bola to talk but reply if someone is not the car itself
Baijan you a reply details love that for me because I'm your man
Brother, why are you sick ???? speaks closed ??
Sir Pljh reply is that ... we are looking forward to when you :(
Amazing to be Pandyas G .... much weight will you make
Q lying brother
4 Ps have But where you sir :(
Brother came my favorite songs of your movie Bajrangi Bhaijaan
I love that you are a big fan .. they love shall brother
Baijan waist on pain Huh doctors said to the rest Huh stroke Frendjh
4 o'clock the party still on ःkkbat so Rply away any translation to Salman Khan
Brother will he definitely will be busy with some work
abhi 4wje nahi aap ke ?????????????
Sorry Frndjh to come Abi Salman Sir Thorey Bjhy 5 Mint.
When to come was new
Sir do you then K Avoge Pljh Reply
Mey par Facebook ... Twitter ... pe nehi the aooo ..
O crazy these real Salman Khan is a bit :-)
Salman bhai since Ilovu Salman bhai your weight S. Ray Purchase The Tech ye
Nervous so Fan's that you can sleep how
Looks O Q frequently repeat to B Acha Neh
Now go Baijan
Brother will be back Boht tops of your answer
I do not see Sir Your reply .... :(
Aryan Brother Love. Noon when B Avo Guy Auँga. You mail the request Bijta Hun link.
Pljhgh Ajao man .... so Enri not end the fasting Hotikkjitni are getting to you and 8 .... do not ..... Pljhghghgh the Pljhgh ....
But you do not tell
bhai 1 reply asssalamalaikum
Aa bhi jaa sanam â € .â € .â € | U na kr sitm â € .â € .â € .â € | love u salmaan â € .â € .â € .â € .â € |plzzz jldi aa Jaao â € .â € .â € .â €. *
Amazing I do Salman G intend to come or Nai
Biceps Some tips what Krekgiv to 17 Inci.
That YES is all a lie no Salman Khan talk Hmlogo
Slu phone is concerned Numbe Baba: P
Ohh Voting was waiting ..... Its 4: 23 head ....
What love! Aaja Shaam Hone Aayi Mausam Ne Li Angdaai! to kiss baat ki hai Ladai ...............: p whre r uh?
Brother Pljh John
Salman sir you give her a chance International of Singing Rockstar Imran Khan in a film
Where do chat brother
Brothers I just heard said Salman brother Nwjh as Huh froth d person she spoke only lest I'm just coming Nrjhjh ..
Pljh My Dream Come True Cardona brothers
Now Courage Nai Re Baba Start early reply
sir main bohut gorib hu .... plz muje ap ki pas bula lo ..........?
salman khan .................................. being human ka aslee avtaar. admin aamir ahmed.
Treachery Salman sir why once Committed then he does not listen to myself, sir
Home Speak Pay meet avotime
Baijan been said ???
Until Pakistan Pohnc Hove thing of paid or not
Brother once talk to us Krlo cues will we get an achievement to talk
w8 is ovr
hello #salman #khan
Sir what I poor a reply Melay c Pljh ....?
Brother My phone is Discarged 26% battery left
Sir comprehensive'm not kidding either Accents
Badi miles away from my brother, I go Ako i ..
Final Come Lets wish not going to wait for you like we extent of trade Jayda Salman G. ask for your love
Love shall brother can also find out for you Hukklv shall brother lives Sallu Bhai ..
Why are you not reply ???
A date is July 28 Lowe bhaijana brother .. my brother balaya are exacting a Wish .. .. .. pljha bhaijana
Salman bhai your page on your own trailer new Dla YouTube
Mr. Knv Ni Aoge make everyone owl moved today significant
Watch bad do you ??? : '(:' (
Brother heart of fans come not Break
Ajao you wi
You did not keep your commitment to Diloge is Wrong
My car Dijiye not Pljh ....... please fix my nephew .... you have to deal with God ....
Salman khan on instagram
Add Karo Ji Hamre B Koi Jokadd Karega Salman Khan Usikkokmsg Karega
Aaaaaaa jaaaaaoooooo bhaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii knha busy hooooo ham wait kr rhe h
Just 2 Mint Yes Man
Come on brother plejhajhjhjha min 27 sec 1622
Do recharged Gyakkpetm over net pack ..
With a fan, you must not kidding Toh?
Nor are o'clock 4
Ã-nline hoya nahi
The Nawaz brothers Fvr 8 Song'll comment Auँga night Khuastions also ask
Sallu Bhai ... running a twice just .... Pljh ....
Yo sir my tuition for the team ... Pljh Reply
4,30p.m ho ab Gea to fb pe aooooo.
Ha you Iskvkht recruitment buzzy ha
Can anyone tell me these fake news who cast
Bajrangi Bhaijaan come when the ringing 4:30 B .. Brother Was My Birthday .. Party yesterday by my side
Brother, did you come too late as the minister of our country
Mr. Love shall Sir I have Bhute look good
Having gone bro ..
Brother Ajao Man
kasiy bt kary gy salu sb?
Baijan symptoms, you will not come, case Krdungi Your Name on High Court ....
Looks are brothers come a new
We sat abandoned their work. Ajao not.
How's ur back pain ryt now ????? Tensed in e .... btao na plz salman aap to khe rhe the ki 4 pm baat kroge but aap to 1 bhi cmnt ka reply nhi diya plz is waale ka de dena plz ... A Request
Where I Sirrrr
Mr. Wish Allahः bless you should always happy .... Love scheme
Only Sallu baba
S might do not you are not you Rply if busy you must do Rply ... will wait until the butt when you do not Rply ...
Salman Y have seasoned Krlo Pljhghjh ...
Salman Khan, mother of Boht grown Fan
Sir then the saying that is enough ... :-)
I mean I am thinking dat ki prdp tak yaha hi rul jaau ok?? So plz 1 reply for plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz?? I am ur die hard fan bhai plzzzzz
Cutia are you preparing brother .. as said so what will it be removed lucky draw!
Hey ... how are these symptoms, tell no one bats ....
As-salamu Alaikum said you Baijan
Also Hora time of Lent
4 o'clock but the party is still on
Bringing been thy jest come away Abb was white sunset .. :-)
Brother, you said
As-salamu alaikum O Omung Salman bhai ... :)
Sir moderately successful modeling server must Bnuga a day Bollywood is not that I do not
4 pm But the Rply yet
Brother Bhopal When are you coming
Plssssss Avi go by Sallu
You are a Nhii .... are you a Nhii <3
I told you you can Aj Baijan thing Nai's logo back on pain Huh Huh doctor said the rest stroke Frendjh
These are what Bayat?
Brother not go then I will speak to Katrina ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)
The answer did not come
Sir plz come 4pm baj gaye
Brother accident again Toh ni Sr. Mercy, which until now had new, class B go head
Brother we're going bye is going to be praying for time .. to the brother you have a little Rekhust if you chat if Lao Plus dont forget me ...
Brother is busy?
Salman's brother told her maybe
You know Baijan or missing ???
Salman bhai Year You are very cool ...?
aa jao .... rplyyy meee plzzzzzz
A reply brother Pljhghjhghjh
Kitna wait kervaoga
Pljha brother come
Irrr be eating. 4:36 also be .. NST year what 4 come Bjhe
4 pm but the reply has yet
Brother ... wait are we to tell all ... Time Man
Baijan Tgaye Hoga so many comments Dekkr Baijan is now online
Wow smashed and will not appear even look by request Salman bhai
Brother John Shimla bit in Blkum salute Numsta Salman bhai
# Sllu_bai Prsnli msg my car a couple of times ... Brother # Kuc_khas to you, Whatspp 8083503086
1 news Jiada've done brother every Nai
Hello Salman sir, I and my mother and father your a big fan schools
I do not know when you're safes Ha or Intijhar
Eating brother, all the brothers
Kabi nahe deka relpy wait mat karo
Brother where are you ..
E think Salman Sir gauge the taking authority ... are doing weight Wake Salman brother Wake up, Your Fans when ....!
Wet having come
Next time I perform weight of commitment brother. Maybe some extra buzz Huh Zuma nor today. Love Baijan. Bye
Yes mosque, ajna you all ....
plz javab settled us
bye bye bye
Khi Bajrangi Bhaijaan Kidnapded Toh were not! Now Toh know the 12 mixed.
Brother John is Pt 4:30 Now online Avo much weight Krvoga
Ohhhh sell salluuu
Bahi mai karanataka se hun apko dekne k lia bahut bhar aa chuka hun mumbai pe lekin uss time ku aap nahi mile 11 sal se mumbai ara hun aj tak nahi deka plz reply bhai plz apse request hai
Hikkbi never should have Kijia.kuc Surpreesed to get their stuck ...
Brother he is ringing Hey Waiting 5
A fake Salman did not Kmnt I thought you brother
Hlv Salman bhai
Sub brother Salman bhai
Salman bhai i am climbed ni the app swear faith app name is enough
O Salman brother, if you are what you are not an actor?
Embed the pe tell
Brother Rply all brothers Pljhghghgh all you PIR are all
Aii brother aaaa
Why is everyone doing with the doing all the behind you 1 Gante worried
Sub Pljhghjhghjhghjhgh to do Farig and talk to me
Head of state! Here Fans have to wait for you! Once you Nainital Pljh!
Many people who want to talk to you Hakkpljhghjhghjhgh Dn'ti Barak level Hearts Sir Pljhghjhgh
All his speaking these people what he is Matter
You are suits me a Hebbit love that to help the other people ......... Like You
Halo Chualbual Jik.a quickly all waiting car are you