you do it from aram . . . then do it later
are you giving a referrals now for the internship ?
i have ready for facebook , if you are saying this then
last year, we were asking you to post on such questions group
on monday it ll interviews with that company
yes , in this post you can put once more
i love the hardwar photo
but not so obviously iki m going it
sister found a site that lens keep deliveer
we know how much did you come in the bonus ?
yes, i and the weather sing they will see
wow, brother. that was awesome.
like i got a lot of script showing, then did not come online
there are a lot of funnels in hcu
you are looking like in form
when we are going to board a bus then we will take
now look , how do you not have the stuff to download
otherwise there is no value of such movies
brother, awesome rap, thathai s awesome.
only then ih m waiting for the room
how is your movies documented
but in two gifts, surely did it
such nice excursions.
i suggest you people look at the trailer.
didnke t give home.
please don. t miss function for marraige
i am fed up of the hotel life
just let me know where did i come from the airport
he was supposed to tell him here and there and a plan to stay here
let me go through the weekend and the timing, then i tell you some time
see i. m assuming that i would be fun at night .
iki m gussng 26th motherki s certificate should start 10
yes, but i. ll arrangu for 26th night in hotel room .
saying that he was fine interviews
i donke t have to take any course, but do you on fees for other colleges ?
i, m not going to come out even if we have to register
yes, i am getting out this year my assignment
oh but what is the discussion with spam ?
so i thought that ask you how this guy did in the first place
yes only people have a problem with their student bodies
but there are so many comments. making a choice is a different
yes , i say a lot from the flop
there are a lot of scenes love , so it sound class.
i donko t know if i get to know like this.
everything is fine.
there are they in the real life. they are weeks.
i didnke t care about the comments above
tell me one thing on, dont make it easier for me to yourself
but wes ll never meet and talk to this is
and for all i cr , i. ll ensure that it is not so much but that what you do it was normal
he don, t know about your status , then i told h /
honestly , what is it not understand
now i donmat t do the industry, who will give your success
dhbrother i am , but couldn, t be run from anywhere , not in roaming around
if you are on campus , go and asshole.
and, what is happening?
he did not get a reply other than him ,
chalole, who will talk to you
where is brother life
it. s past 4 now come to my brother. . . . .
bhai it is 4 where are you come fast
no come
where are you bhaijan
what happened bhaijan
hello sallu brother , how are you i am your big fan n ?
itj s past 4 but bhai is yet to come j j
4ver 04 over
bhai what is the real message in the movie
who will you do bro is your fan too
bhai is there work work a we are also going on after a little whilea s why
veer ji has come igai ll start why salmannnnn salji
hey you do wonders we are all waiting
bhai how many obaje clock
will you get married bhai how will you make us cry?
brother where are you
i am your best hero from childhood itself now laka . you have donka t reply to any comment sad ka
jumz in last 5 minutes . . . 5000 comments and 10000 likes
salmankya ki bhai kitne you are seeing how many fans are you waiting for you kya kya just hello to say.
sirji we will not talk now
bhai swear on bajrang bali come to you
salman sir please come
where are you bhai? come fast
it. s past 4 but bhai still hasn. t come
salman khan he is busy in the meeting tomorrow he will come online
it is past 4 salman
brother pls never come to mumbai, just i have been waiting for you, please see your fans crazy fans there
salman plz cm?
where are you we have come
hmm* * * * . you have taken a hare sal* salman * * *
katrina is with randra ke ke what are you doing
please talk to me when i am waiting
hey sir, for you it is 4 already but still have come
it2 s 42 02 sir
bhai it is 4 already but the party is still left
what happened to bhaijan
sayad you are busy koko. we dont talk to you
dude it, brother? ? rereply?
bhai say it right
dabang 3 ? when ?
where are you bhai? ? ?
tell me bhai i have asked you 3question
do it for me.
sir did you say something once please call me bhai jaan 939840411
how will you make us cry! / twitter or fb on fb ! tell me
bhai do not make us fool out
heloooooo 6 minutes left
salman serif you have the time when you are time?
where did you sir
but we will have to talk 5pm now
brother india my 4 oj clock
bhaijaan how are you
come bhai
hey where do you want to say this was to tell
brother we will die and keep waiting
we have been trying to wake up
its 4 oclock sir
brother put one thing in one of your movies for sure.
sir bajrangi bhaijan i ish athe most beautiful film hogi. . . boollywood. . i wish i wish
i am with you also the fan of jquestions.
just what brother
it is past 4 but the party is still left sallu bhai
salu brother, i am your biggest fan. i will make your die
no one got kick.
brother where are you food
once i have committed then i don. t listen to myself also. . .
sir its s 4m 6pm
today it seems on facebook that most comments. will become a record
you have been waiting for 3ka 30 since morning and you have also done 4pm now please
there are murders of star people who are not 4 oka clock now
yes actually it. s 4. 06 . .
greetings salman
will come to sleep ne ne .
where are you hiding ho ho ?
what happened sir?
hello bhai how are you i am your very big fan
salam brother jumma mubarak
bollywoodki s pride is our brother.
hlw if you dont come to know about you then donko t go
dont do like thisz plplzzzz
donh t worry, brother. if you didnh t come then youh ll also get
brother how are you
brother when are you doing hollywood movie ho?
brother what is this 4k 6 already
brother say hello only
sometime come salu miya . . .
bhaijaan where are you # ki . please talk bari ki my daughter is a very big fan of yours
he wonke t come in front of busy promotion on sunday, he should go in the show. face to face to face
hi salman brother . . . .
it is 4 already when will you come online
this brother has a lot of fun, brother. it will be a devil
sameer shole, brother. did you prank?
hello sallu bhai
say super haha
i cnt wait movie, plzzzz come on mee :
bhai come fast
what will happen
bajrangi bhaijaan all time blockbuster
itye s past 4 bhai
bhai come where are you?
p salu bhai you are just replying.
salman khan here you are making idiots out of yours. and people will not be able to make bajrangi
brother how are you
come ? ve bhai your trust ? ? ? give you a chance
bro you talk at 4j 00 how are you
chutiya made everyone
okay will we talk with me on fan jal. whats app . ap.
baby now it. s already 4. 06 come on waiting . 0.
brother i am a fan of yours please i donn t know the number
so much wait has never been done for gf
hello. . . salman khan ji. . .
ok sallu bhai
brother where are you
but bhaijaan ji what is your movie shooting ka ? pm rttan pm
hi salman brother. how are you
sir ji you are kafir. we had a lot of interest in your movie bajrangi bhaijan
brother i am your big fan please i donke t know the number
i just want to ask how much you all time people and bodyguard.
hiii salman bhai
i know brother life has always been kidnapped
what happened to you
where are you bhai. . . tell me. how are you
hey my inbox me msg again salmanka s yhooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
come now sir ith s past 4
how are you sallu ji is 4h 0. it is past
brother how are you
bhai you have been waiting for 2 days now comment
you will not come
hy salman bhai
salman brother, donr t lose yarr
salman, brother, you are our favourites, asshole.
i love you. i film you. i think you and marna first will meet you once i. m from bangladesh
plzzz salman you should reply we are waiting for you
everyone is bad . . . no one is going to come . . . salman won. t come
you are late i havenne t given your commitment
sallu brother. where are you?
your dad team is bad. it is past 4
it is raining us then there will be no problem
salman khan is mad
seems you are everyoneka s watch everyoneka ka
sir please come fast
hi salman sir where are your money
where are you salman now say something
jumme. s day is happening, it is a matter of yourself. god save me as well
bhai jaan come on now
sir please give one reply . . . . i will be crazy with joy
bhai please talk at 1 br
bhai it. s time already
what are you, salman? ? ?
what shame
come now why are you making us wait so much now sal.i am waiting for salman sir ji why will you come online
i want to meet you
brother where are you come
bhai it is 4na 10 come fast
will we talk to brother or not
it10 s 410 10
favourite is food
salllluuuuu come also bhi (
brother you are saying that i will make bajrangi bhaijaan hit without muslims this is true
hey you won. t come we are going on . . .
come its about to be evening movie.
4 indian standard time means 4. 15 ? life bhai ?
go to mrho salman where are you?
bhai you had said 30pm then 4r 00pm now it is 4r 10pm already
what happened. . bhaijaan. . .
bhai where are you? salman khan
sir ji it is not good that you message me with your fan
say something to brother because we are all fans on which we are not coming for . we will also talk to you
salman sir, we want to meet you please sir.
salu bhai come
4 pm it is past 4. but you are where are bajrangi brother
what bhai when are you ready
hello! ! how are you
bhai come
and how are you
salmannn come i? ll wait for you
come now
brother does not wait in ramdan
it is 4 already now to 10
will you not come to brother
come now please
when will you not come from fb i will not come
brother it is 4. 11 already why will you come
how are you , where are you? we are making fools out of everybody
get it together
help me please bhai
ithai s okay, brother.
brother now i wait so much
you do wonders brother g so much tt? ?
u r muslim soo you are keep roza
this is the entire habit of salman khan . . . come late
i donr t go to oh bhai to watch you in the post office but i donr t know if you dont know about it or not.
brother tell something
dabang where are you?
come brother where are you
i am your very big fan
salman bhai plz i said to my gf that you are being hit by 2 me plz make my respect plz take me jay
did you give a dream brother
why is your entryhai t i know now
pagan kumman . . . now come
brother where are you
bhai now i didnka t wait for you i have been waiting for you since 3ka 30
are you nice body, right?
wait is not possible for bhai. . . . brother is just roaming
brother you do amazing work
how will you talk to me sometime
plz how are you from pakistan
all the time for his name? sallu whatke ?
where are you talking on
bhaijaan where r u
some nice brother will have some work done you
love you sallu* * *
sallu bhaii am awesome 4r bajrangi bhaijaan. . .
brother will you not come and will not be able to call till narendra call ga?
bhai come now
salman brother ur best
bhai your watch is slow
hello sir ji why are you late salman ji please reply fast plz i am waiting for your reply
salu bhai i am then i heard you are doing
salman best of luck for bajrangi bhaijan. this time also i will break all records
it is 4j 00 sir
come quick bhai
salman khan brother bajrangi but the party is still left
salman brother wonnahi t come
you will have to come
brother your biggest fan is in the entire world and bhai jodhpur ha
who all will you give an answer. i love one lucky drama
and how much 4, , ,
hey saab i will meet you in hmmm tickets
we have given our heart
don. t talk to you before eid please sir
love you bye
brother my bhaijaan and how much more will i keep saying too . . . . ) . .
sorry friends bhai can not come
the one above has sent man more than the world because he has given too. to think about it in 2k 4 gf sir.
if i do not watch the first day first show of bhai then what is the advantage of life
bhaiiii jaaan waiting for uuur r r uii r r r r r r r r r aan
brother you love you so superb at bajrangi bhaijaanko ko you just like this. i always love you so much for my love
if you do it properly, it is really like yourself.
hey brother, i havenka t know if i donka t know itka s advance. i donka t know it.
no hey brother
why not now come salman sir. you are not replying to tlc sal. .
it is 3he 30 to 4he 00 or not to come at 4he 30
i am tired of getting comment
greetings bhai iam from pakistan do you like to pakistan for bajrangi bhai jan
hello salu brother. . . .
bhai once with me
love you so much
when are you coming
i did not expect this to you brother
salman bhai please call me once, 70483006z bhai then i will get back to movie.
hey sallu your watch is also slow sorry
brother life please come
my father lives in mumbai, he told you once that he had help you in a blouse. and you did it
brother you are shoot, leave brother
brother go to 4ho 3pm already where are you?
probably brother did not come for this bhaijaan will surely come once bhaijaan has done any commitment
sallu remember everything now
it is 4 already
bhai come fast waiting
will come sallu brother will come
salmaan dabad .salsalsaldabad dabad bhaijaannndabad dabad dabad dabad live long
waiting bajrangi bhaijaan
salman bhai now dabang 3 has a lot of fun, so next time fans
4w 30 now
vai jan ek bar baat ko
it is past 4 sir . . . coplcome to come. . . pl.
hi bhai? ? . how are you pa? if you are reading my comment then please reply
bhai said that he is busy 6 6 6 6 6 bje
brother i am waiting for your film
hey where are you in the yeasterday
do one favour for me that i donko t want to marry di ko
bhai you use fun. its a lot of fun. â. . . the data of the gift. . .
must have some work
come quick at 4ye 14ye 14ye
come all your home, no salman will come to your house ! ! !
i donki t say that brotherki s direct you will give it to us that your wedding reception.
your every attitude is different
brother give your number salman bhai
5000comment in 5minutes
should not get married
first 315 30 then 415 00 and now 15 min over bhai
r bhai if you wouldnke t have been talking to salman khan it would have been so busy that you should talk to someone?
you do amazing things panday ji will call us day . .
i love you, my fav star is no problem for you i love you
sir when are you coming to lucknow after your name dabang now bajrangi bhaijaan
sallu brother come to patiala for promotion of your film
the most question, how do you get bajrangi bhaijaan done
brother when will you come and when will you come for a couple of days
madarchod salman khan randyka s boy harami kafir
where are you lost
allah hafi sallah lah salman
lol brother, when will you come i know that the server got stuck brother
sir we are waiting for you please talk
i feel ashamed to talk to you all
will you reply ? ? ?
brother where are you
you still have not come salman brother online
hello bhai please reply me once please hello bhai please reply me only
now we will come and k k good evening they will go back.
or will we make facebook so
hello now it is not possible to come at 4r 15
what brother you are also fake 4ne 14pm you have not given any reply till now bhai like this good time
hey salman brother where are you it is 4 already
you amaze me mr pandey. where are you?
bhai please come
come fast bhai
salman brother, the show. of the sultan.
who will talk
you do amazing
bhai i am suffering to talk to you
yes . nadim. sir, amma will come
salman brother
please please reply only. . .
bhai marraige also happen when are you doing
voo pajii who did you go
do this
i thought you would have said that you said our truth and you are very good but you are not at all.
brother donka t worry, i am waiting for you
salman khan facebook won. t happen . he said in your interviews
salute to you the time of others
hiiiiiiiii sallu bhai im big fan sallu bhai message me on twitter but iko m big fan sallu bhai
brother plz marry.
it is 4 already but the meeting is still left
i think someone is telling us that. . . .
do it fast bhai
salman bhai i am a big fan of yours. . . i am from pakistan . . plzzz plzzzz
all hail! bajrangi ke sir. hanuman will have everyone. s heart salman sir.
it is very nice now have to talk to me inbox
i love you brother. what you hate you please message me ish . ish believe brother. s awesome. wish you everyone. .
i think the world bigg. great fan of salll bhai is my friendka s second friend my brother
hi greetings me salu khan come
bhai come
love you saluuuuu
bhai. will you not get married
as salute salute r r and wait plz cm fast
salute to mother. . salute you as you were in superstar india
ok twitter if you donhai t come then tell me sir
brother when will you come to bihar, please reply
oye ben brother. . . sallu brother. s anything. . will you understand ?
this is a lie
did you delete
hlw brother. what is your profile after taking bajrangi bhaijan
what happened brother
come now
brother you will be together for 3nn
dont call brother that he will be busy
just one thing is kolkata fast plz
hello sir where are you?
sir i have been waiting for you since 7 days in morning to see you but i canko t see
do you love sisters?
you didnq t have to just say why
come . . . come also . . . bajrangi bhaijaan will come also
profile picture will change it 2 years ago we change your name
happened. s party is everyone. now come your brother is sleeping. . .
brother now come
brother give me your twitter account let me meet app p p p p p p p p p p
sallu it is 4 already come
we have become confused, will you talk up? we are off line
bollywood love bollywood fittnss please bollywood king bollywood king bollywood god
plzzz i am waiting for your rep and do you know?
ithe s past 4 bhai
where is salman khan?
p pandey ji where are you we waiting for you since yesterday
didnh t you get any of the things
you do amazing sallu ji. . lu rply is not block. . .
salman khan when will you come to jail i love you
may bhaijaan you are busy no one should talk to god hafiz ilah s you
today who is not going to get a reply salman sir made an owl?
salman when will you come, no one goes
we have come from now on to clean you but you are not just coming
salman sir can wait for you the entire life
plz bajrangi bhaijan one reply plz mka . i have been waiting for your reply
help me once i will find you wont talk to help me but that is what to do brother? ? plz reply
bhai j j it is 4 already where are you?
salman brother, i have asked you to call salman brother. just please talk to 51. and sallu brother. 551 .
this is salman khanke s real id or all fake it is salman sirke s time they come and talk to me i think this is fake
brother please reply earlier pehle pehle pehle
bhai i have already talked about my reply d ne . i have said all comments thathai s why ine m saying this also you
bhai come
i also want to talk to you how to par ? ?
sir, will i really get a reply to muslims ko ?
how much longer will you make us wait
faku quick otherwise war? ?
come reply to brother
did you sleep
what sallu bhai asked you to talk but did not reply to anyone
brother one reply to me is very important for me because i am your bhaijaan
brother why are you sick
sir plz reply hai . . we have been watching you since so long :.
amaze work you do 15 ji pandkitna how much will you wait
why are you false bhai
it is 4 already but where are you?
brother i like your film bajrangi bhaijaan a lot
i am your very big fan lu. we love you brother
brother, there are amazing. dont worry about the dog. have asked you to stop brother.
it is 4 already but the party is still left ko . dont reply to anyone away salman khan
brother must be busy with some work they will surely come
now it is not 4 o? je ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
sorry frnds salman sir is a little busy now.
if you werenb t going to come
sir will you come to pakistan please reply
my facebook par. . . on twitter is not on . . . .
o crazy this is a real salman khan hai hai
salman bhai how are you waiting for me i love you salman brother
friends how can you sleep?
ithe s not possible that why donhe t you watch it again and again
come now bhai
bhai will i get a lot for your answer
sir ji i don. t see your reply . . . ka . .
hey brother, love you. we will come back. we request you a request to link maan.
plzz come now ry . ry . i do not have to wait so much for your fast . . . please come
but you tell me
bhai 1 reply salute
bhai come quick * * * * * ¦ ¦ you do not worry about you* * * * . love you salmanz * * .
i do amazing things about coming salman ji or not
what will i do to make bisns, give me some number
all this is lie. no salman khan is going to talk to us
sallu phone is the question of numbers ka p
oh very wait
what! come to evening and the weather has happened! what is the matter la! ?
brother life come please
salman sir give me an internship in one of your movies to rockstar important.
where do i chat bhai
brother, i have just heard news. salman brother, all the fan that is not there . . i just tell you.
please trust my dream bhai
now i dont have to reply fast
sir iki m very worried ? ? ? ? plz call me on ki ki ? ? ?
salman khan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . saltaarit is the reason of human being human
hey salman sir the commitment once then he doesnt even listen to himself why sir
tell me
where are you bhaijaan? ?
till you know if there is a dream in pakistan
bhai talk to me once cuz we will get an assignment to talk to you
wo8 is awesome.
hello khan salman khan khan
sir will i get a reply to you once please ko ? ?
brother my phone is amazing why are you left
sir ik m not singing to your accoments
brother come to pakistan i am a big fan of yours
come to tm, we will make us wait you do not want we are more than you salman ji you will love you
love you brother you can also give this life for you love you brother life sallu bhai
why are you not replying hoho?
brother love you brother. . . on 28th july my bday is day . . one wish do brother. . . please bhaijaan
salman brother donne t give your trailer, on your page
i know you wonsa t come to make everyone an owl that you are good
did your watch be bad
bhai do not break the heart of fans
come bhai
you didnka t do your commitment bhaiya it is your sister
do it for me too please . . . . okay my brother. lah . okay fine my brother. . . thik .
salman khan on instar
add me ji we will also talk to god salman khan uskosalmessage.
aaaa jaaaoo bhaiiiiiiii why are you waiting for us
this is 2 minutes now
brother its 27min 1622 please come
the net pack became over . . . release it from paitm
you are not kidding with fan
hi it is past 4
–donya t have a line
nice bhai favourite song at night i will come, i will come, i will also ask the questions
sallu brother. please clear me once
yo sir ji you have been my tym ho ka ji plz reply
it is 4. 30pm now come on fb now
then you are ist time very big
someone will tell me who will give this fake news
bajrangi bhaijaan it is 4. 30 when will you come on me. . . tomorrow. s party is from my side
brother will you also come late like our countryki s minister
i love you, sir i like you good
where did you go bhai
bhai come now please
how will you talk to everyone?
brother if you weren. t coming then how will i do in your name from . . .
seems brother wonh t come like this.
we are leave your work
how are youka re your fanka . ? ? i am tensed. . . tell me plz salman you were saying 1 pm
where are you sirr
i wish you wont be happy always sa. salute you
hi sallu baba
maybe you are busy then you are not replying. if you are not replying, then you will reply sometime
salman vai please marry, please
salman khan i am a very big fan of yours
sir if you say so much then fi na fi
i am thinking that i am thinking dont get used up till now plz 1 reply for zzzzzz
are you making a chutiya bhai! ! p p say will you talk to lucknow
hey brother, how should we talk to you sometime . . .
greetings bhai where are you?
it is roza time also
it is 4 already but the party is still left
i have been kidnapped for your sister come now abb will get married
brother where are you
omg salman brother. . . assalam o alaikum . .
sir it didnka t happen one day on ballywood ka signature
it is past 4 but reply is still left
bhai when are you coming to bhopal
please come now sallu
you are not hihai hai . you are not hiii 3 3
i told you not to talk to people too. bhaijaan can not talk to you its amazing dog.
what is this matter ?
brother come or not to say katrina to ko ko .
why not answer
sir plz come it is past 4pm
brother the assignment should not be able to come now please sir
brother we are going to be the time for namaz namaz nama. but bhai do you have a small things, if you come to chat, please tell me
bhai is it busy ?
salman bhai must have said something to you
are you life brotheror have you been?
salman brother yr you are very nice
come please
one reply brother plzzzz
how much wait will it happen
please bhai come
where are you ready . it is 4 already but will you come for 4pm
it is 4 already but reply is still left
bhai h h we are waiting for everyone h h yaar time tell us
brother got stuck in online
i wonke t see any problem at all, salman brother.
bhai jan balekum salam ma if you are with shimla then numbers salman bhai
prsallu. bhai please message me onlyke . . bhai ke dogs are for you 38806
it is more than 1 hr bhai is not sick.
hlo salman sir i am and my mother father is a very big fan of yours
i donha t know when you look at it or waiting
where are you brother , everybody, s brother.
dont reply to me
hi, brother where are you
i think salman sir is waiting for you till salman brother
iha m waiting
next time i wait for brotherka s commitment . maybe today there is a lot of fun. love you brother. god hafi
yes in movie, you all bhi. . .
please answer
maid
khi bajrangi bhaijaan where did you don. t get married on 12 july now
brother life it is 4it 30 pm now how much longer will we wait
oh stop
thats what i want to see you i got a lot of fun but in that time you dont meet at mumbai please please reply
hi. ll also meet your fans sometime please give something surprised
brother we are waiting 5 bajrangi is going to come
one fake salman n cmnt did it brother
hello salman bhai
everybodyka s brother, salman brother.
salman brother i am not going to change you because its the name is enough.
hey, salman brother, if you weren? t an actor then what happen?
tell me on the twitter
bhai reply to everyone bhai plzzz love you all
ieeeee bhai has come
why are you kidding everyone. all of you are messing with 1 village
help everyone and talk to me plzzzz
sir it! s amazing that fans have to wait for you ! plz come to nick!
there are a lot of people who want to talk to you hai z plzzzzzz give me attention sir please sir
brother what is thath s what they are saying all
i find your that i am very good to help other people ki ki ke like you
hello chull jika ka . come fast everyone is waiting for you
