you do it from now on . . then do it
maam right now you are giving referrals for the internship ?
i have ready for facebook , if you say this then
last year, we were asking you to post such questions group
and monday ith ll interviews with that company
yes , in this post you can put 1 more than
i love the hardwar photo
but not so obviously iki m going
sister found a site. that allove. to keep uff
how much did you come to the net ?
yes, i and the weather , they will see it.
everything was tell
like i got delayed . after that in online
it is going on in the hope.
looking at them
when we are going to board a bus
now look how you do not have the stuff to download
otherwise there is no value of such movies
ithai s awesome rap, brother.
thath s why ih m waiting for the room.
how is there in your hi movie?
but in two gifts, he has surely done it
such cafes are being hit
i suggest you people look at the trailer.
didnke t give home.
don. t miss funnels please
i am ready at the hotel biryani
just let me know where did i come from the airport
he was there , he had a plan to stay here and there .
let me go through the show and the time . tell me if you have time
see i. m assuming that i would be fun at night
iki m guys are 26th motherki s certificate should start 10
yes but i. ll arrangi for 26th night in the hotel room .
how was it fine interviews
i don? t have to take any course. but do you pay for theaters ?
even if it is not going to come out then it will be 12
yes, i am getting it this year out of assignment
oh but what is the reason for him
so i thought from you how did this bad thing happen in the first place
yes only then people have no problem with his studies group
but there are so many people that making a choor is this different
yes , there is a lot of fun.
as it is believed that they change good, so it sound class.
no one should get to know such a thing
everything is fine.
they have been in the reality, weeks.
i did not care about the comments above
tell me one thing , dont make it so much for me to come ?
but wes ll never talk to you reading this
and for all i care , i. ll ensure that it is not possible but the person who did it was drama
he don, t know about your status , so i told h /
honestly , what is it not understand
now i do not make any industry, yous s superse.
brother i am right , but keep a run from me , not in front of me, if nt wait
if you are on campus , go and asshole.
and, what is happening?
he did not get a reply other than him
youhai ll talk to him who will you talk to him
where is brother life
it. s past 4 now come to my brother. . . .
bhai it is 4 where are you come fast
no come
where are you bhaijan
what happened bhaijan
hello sallu brother , how are you i am your big fan
itj s past 4 but bhai is yet to come
4:04 already
brother what is the real message in the movie
who will you do brother is a very big fan of yours
brother is work der a a . we are also going to do but plzz give
veer ji has come i am karoo start this why salmannn :)
hey you do wonders we are all waiting
brother how many obaje clock
it? s been empty brother, right?
brother where are you
i am your best hero from childhood itself doka . you have done any comment till now
jumz in last 5 mints. . . 5000 comments and 1000000 likes
salmankya kitne bhai you are seeing how many fans are you waiting for you just say hello to everyone
sirji we will not talk now
bhai come to bajrang bali
salman sir please come
where are you bhai? come fast
it. s past 4 but bhai still hasn. t come
salman khan is busy in the meeting tomorrow he will come online
it is past 4 salman
brother pls dont come now even if you have to come here please show you fans will go mad about you
salman plz cm?
where are you we have come
hmm.* * . you have been liking youliya * salman ::* *
katrina is with rander. what are you
please talk to me i am waiting
hey sir today for you it is past 4g internet ke ke . come now . . . ke ke
it2 s 42 02 sir
bhai it is 4 already but the party is still left
what happened to bhaijan
sayd you are busy j . we dont understand anyone.
dude, brother. it? s reply?
bhai say itto s okay
dabang 3 ? when will 3
where are you bhai?
tell me bhai i have asked the 3question to you
do it in my wait
sir it is wrong to say something to you once bhai jaan 9840411
how will you reply on twitter or fb! tell me
bhai we canl t make us fool
helloooo 6 minutes more
salman serif you have the time dead?
where is sir
but now donkt say 5pm
brother india my 4 oj clock
brother how are you
come bhai
where do you want to say this was to tell
brother how will we die and wait for you
we have been trying to wake up
its 4 oclock sir
bhai please go for one film of yours
sir bajrangi bhaijan . ish ish the most beautiful film hogi. . . ish boollywood mein ish . ish i wish
i am also with you
bs what brother
itj s past 4 but the party is still left lu j . sallu bhai
salu brother, i am a big fan of yours. i will bang you.
no one got kick.
brother you are eaten
once i have committed then i don. t listen to myself also. . .
sir its s 4s awesome
today it seems on facebook it will be the most comments.
you have been waiting for 3ka 30, you have also 4pm . come now please
there is a lot of tantrums of star people here its not 4 oka clock now
yes really it. s 4. 06 . .
salam suit salman
come to sleep ne ne . we will come to you.
where are you hiding ho ? ?
what happened sir?
hello bhai how are you i am a very big fan of yours
salam brother jumma mubarak
bollywoodki s pride is our brother.
hlw i donko t come to you, beware
dont do like this please
donh t worry, brother. if you do not come then youh ll also get
brother how are you
brother when are you doing hollywood movie?
brother what is this 4k 6
brother say hello only
sometime come and do something salu miy.
brother where are you # . please talk to you. my daughter is a very big fan of yours
you wonke t come in front of me i will go to the show on sunday
hi salman brother . . . .
it is past 4 when will you come online
hey brother, we have a lot of fun.
sameer shayd bhaijaan has fun. -d
hello sallu bhaiaaa
say super hahaha
i cnt wait modi plzzz come
bhai come fast
what will happen
bajrangi bhaijaan, all time blockbuster
itj s past 4 bhai
bhaii come where are you
lu salu brother you are just replying. lu p
salman khan is making fools out of people here and there will be no people but bajrangi
brother how are you ? ? ?
come ? ve bhai your rast? ? ? you have a give ?
brother you talk to me it is 4j 00 till
chutiya made everyone
ok we will talk on my fan liye . or whatsapp for body. .
baby now it. s already 4. 06 comm right
brother you are a fan on me please i donse t know
i didnka t wait so much for gf
hello. . . salman khan. . .
ok sallu bhai
brother where are you
but bhaijaan ji , what is your movie shooting ki ? prm rdan pyo!
hi salman brother. how are you
sir ji you are kafir. we had a lot of interest in your movie . salman bhaijan
brother i am a big fan of yours. please i donke t know
i only want to ask how to meet you all time so many people and bodyguard.
hiii salman bhai
i know brother you always have a net
what happened to you
where are you bhai. . . tell me. . how are you
hey my inbox massage salmanka s yhoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
come now sir it is past 4
how are you sallu ji 04h 0?
brother how are you inte. and i can. t wait come fast
bhai you have been waiting for 2 days now comment
you will not come
hy salman bhai
salman brother, donr t look yarr
salman, brother, you are our favourite, when you reach delhi but we all trust in your heart
i love you. i film you. i think you and marna first will meet you once i. m from bangladesh .
plzzz salman you should reply we are waiting for you
everyone is bad . . . . no one is going to come . . salman is not going to come
you are late you did not give any commitment
sallu brother. where are you that? ?
your dad team is really bad
it is raining us if you are there then there will be no problem
salman khan is mad
it seems to be brotherka s watch slow sorry
sir please come
hi salman sir where are your money
where are you salman now say something
jumme. s day is happening, that. s nice. god save me as fake page
bhai jaan . come now
sir please give one reply ish . . ish . i will be mad with joy
bhai please talk at 1 br
bhai it. s time already
what are you sall00 ? ? ? ?
what shame
come now why are you making so late now kr ..i am waiting for salman sir ji why will you come online
i want to meet you
brother where are you come
bhai it is 4 already come fast
will we talk to brother or not
its s 4s 10
favourite is food
salllluuuuu come also ( (
baby you are saying that i will make bajrangi bhaijaan hit without muslims
hey you won. t come we are going to come
come its about to be evening movie.
it is 4 already in bharat. s 4. ? life bhai ?
a too salman where are you?
bhai you had said 30030pm then he said 4r 00pm now it is 4r 10pm now. this is not fair
what happened . . . brother. . .
brother where is salman khan
sir ji it is not good that you meet your fan
hey brother, say something to brother. because we are all fans there. it is not coming for this. how will we talk to you
salman sir, we want to meet you please sir.
salu bhai come
itka s past 4 but where are you bajrangi brother
what bhai when are you ready
hello ! bhia how are you ! ! ! ! ! !
bhai come
and how are you
salman, wait for you here ?
come now
brother do not wait in ramdan
it is 4 already now to to
will you not come to bhaijan
come now please
i will not come to your fb
brother it is 4 already when will you come
what has happened? where are you?
get it together
hlp kr do me plzz bhai
ithai s fine brother did it so much
bhai now i wait so much
you do wonders so much that g so much
u r muslim soo you are keep roza
this is the entire habit of salman khan. . . come late
i donka t go to okay brother i want to send a post to you but i donka t know if you donka t know or yet i know
brother tell me something
dabang where are you?
come bhai where are you?
i am your very big fan
salman brother, please call me on your gfka . you should say hello 2 me please read my respect but please tell me
did you give it, brother.
why is your entry? i just know
pagan kumman . . now come
brother where are you
brother now i canka t wait for you have been waiting for 3ka 30
are you good ? body, is making a show
wait is not good brother. . . brother is just roaming
brother you do wonders
try talking to anyone
plz how are you from pakistan
all the time in their name? sallu whatke ? ?
where are you talking on
bhaijaan where r u
some nice brother will have some work done you
luv u sallu.* *
sallu bhai, i am week8 bajrangi bhaijaan. . .
brother you will not come to know that you will also not get married
bhai come now
salman brother you are best
bhai is your watch slow sorry
hello sir ji why are you getting so late please reply fast i am waiting for ur reply
salu brother, i am understanding what are you doing
salman best of luck for bajrangi bhaijan. this time also all records will break all records
it is 4 already sir
come quick bhai
salman khan brother bajrangi but the party is still left
salman brother wonnahi t come
you have to come
brother i am your biggest fan in the entire world and bhai jodhpur
who all donko t answer me, one lucky drama
and how much 4, , ,
hey saab i will meet you in hm?
we have given heart
don. t wait for eid for the first time
love you bye
brother how much more will i get to see my brother
sorry frnds brother wonte t come
the one above has given to man what it is to you why did you give me a dream to think about it 2k 4 gf sir
if brotherka s first day first show, then what benefit to stay
bhaiiiii jaan waiting for uuu.r r ( r r r r r r r r r r r aan aan r r r ( ( aan
brother you love you so superb at movie, bajrangi bhaijaanko ko ko fans will always love you
if you take care that we are going to take the other person there is a lot of fun.
hey brother, i wish to do something to you. i donka t know it. then i donka t know
no hey brother
why not now salman sir. you are not going to come to tlc . . .
it is 3he 30 to 4he clock to 4he 30 or not
ike m tired of reading comments come bhai
greetings bhai iam from pakistan do you like to come to pakistan for bajrangi bhai jan
hloo salu brother.
bhai once from me
love you so much
when are you coming
i did not expect this from you brother
salman bhai please call me once, 7804800plz bhai then i will also come to 480. if i come then i will want to meet you
hey sallu your watch is also slow sorry ?
brother please come
my father ji lives in mumbai, help you once
brother you are bullets leave brother
brother go
say, brother, thatni s why did not come brother. once bhaijaan has done any commitment
sallu remember all things now
it is 4 already
bhai come fast waiting
will come sallu brother will come
salmaaan..dabad dabad dabad dabad dabad bhaijaan..
waiting bajrangi brother
salman bhai now dabang 3 ki shole, is in attendor so next time fans
4w 0now
vai jan one thing
it is 4 already sir . . . . . pli plz . . . .
hi bhai? ? . how are you ? ? ? ? if you are reading my comment then please reply
bhai said that he is busy tak y y 6 till 6 bje
brother i am waiting for your film
hey where are you?
give me one favour that i donko t want to marry
bhai you do awesome. . . âââ. . bhai hood. lo
anything will happen to them also
come quick
okay everyone in your house no salman will come ! ! ! !
not, brother. i hope you give this news that your marraige has happened?
your every attitude is amazing
brother give your number salman bhai
5000comments in 5minutes
to know
first it is 3le 30 and now 15 min bhai
r a brother wouldke t have happened to talk to salman khan it? s why do you talk to someone?
you amaze us panday ji we used to call myself . . .
i love you, my favourite. no problem of you, i love you.
sir when are you coming to selected, sir after your name dabang will come after bajrangi bhaijaan
sallu bhai come quick for your film promotion
the most precious thing is that of you bajrangi bhaijaan how it takes
brother when will you come after two days please come
madharchod salman khan randyka s boy harami kafir
where are you lost now
allah hafi ..lah salman
lol brother, when will you come i know that the server became krah brother
sir we are waiting for you please talk
i feel ashamed to talk to everyone
will you reply ? ? ? ?
brother where are you with ki .
salman brother does not come till now
hello bhai please reply me once please help me brother please reply me once please reply me
now we will come and k k bolgood evening they will do good bye
or will we make facebook
hello now it is not possible for you to come at 4kya 15
what brother you are also fake 4ne 14pm you have not given any reply till now bhai this is true
hey salman brother you are kanha
you amaze us pandey where are you
bhai please come
come quick bhai
salman brother you are going to watch the film of sultan
where will we talk
you do amazing things
bhai i am suffering to talk to you yaar
yes . nadim. s amma will come
salman brother. i have heard you are worried about kamr
please please reply to only. . .
brother marry, even when are you getting married
voo pajii where did you go
do this
i thought you would call us a truth and i am very good but you are also not nice
brother donka t eat fake food i am waiting for you
salman khan facebook won. t happen . he said in your interviews
salute . . you have the time of someone .
hiiiiiiiii sallu bhai iam big fan sallu bhai i message you on twitter please reply sallu bhai
brother plz die
ithai s past 4 but the meeting is still left
i feel like someone is spoiling us all
bhai do it fast
salman bhai i am a big fan of yours. . i am from pakistan . . . plzzz plzzzz ne zz
all hail! bajrangi ke sir. i am a big fan of yours. salman meet
it is really nice. then talk to me inbox now
i love you brother. ish . who hate you do not message everyone. ish s why brother. s ole. wish you salman.
i think world big fan of salute brother is my friend this is the second oneka s brother
hi yes, i am sallu to change the face
bhai come
love you saluuuuu
bhai. will you not get married in shahi?
greetings
salute to mother. salute to you as in superstar india
ok is like this. if you come then tell me
brother when will you come to bihar? please reply
oye ben ke brother. . . sallu brother. s no matter what happens. will you understand ?
this is a lie
did you delete
hlw brother. bajrangi bhaijan what do you have in this film, you are hanuman ji? i wish you live a real life.
what happened brother
come now
bhai you will be amazing
dont call brother he will be busy
just one thing is kolkata fast plz
hello sir where are you talk
sir i have been waiting for you since 7 day morning to see you but i donko t have
do you love sisters?
if you werenq t going to come then why
come bhai
profile picture is 2 years left
happened. s party everyone. . now bhai is sleeping. . .
brother now come
brother give me your twitter actort p :p :p
sallu it is 4 already now come
we have become clear will you talk now we are off line
bollywood love bollywood film. please, bollywood king bollywood god.
plzzz i am 8 krupt about your rep and do you cry.
ithe s past 4 bhai
where is salman khan?
p pandey ji where are you we waiting for you for welcome
what brother did you not get any idea
you do amazing sallu ji. lu . s reply is not block. . .
salman khan when will you give a thief
maybe brother you are busy there is no problem at all. i want to you bhai. god hafi bhai
today who is not going to get a reply to anyone salman sir has made an owl?
salman when will you come no one works
we have come from now on to welcome you but you are not coming
salman sir we can wait for you all life
plz bajrangi bhaijan one reply plz me mka . i am going to save you
help me how will you find out that you have asked for help but what do you do bhai? ? ? ? please reply brother.
bhai j j it is 4 already where are you
saaar salman brother, i have taken a formula to call salman brother. . . just talk to 51 already and sallu brother. . . baba
this is the real id of salman khan or all its fake salman sir, he has come and we will talk to you i think this is fake
brother please reply to me first tell me pehle pehle
brother i will definitely tell you once. i have just said that you read all comments that it will be true
bhai come
i also want to talk about it how u ? ? ?
sir, will i really get a reply to me?
how much longer will you make us wait
faku quickly? ? ?
hey reply has come to brother
did you sleep
what sallu bhai asked to talk but he doesnt reply to anyone
brother your one reply is very important to me because i am your devotee
brother why are you sick
sir plz reply hai ki . we have been waiting for you
you do wonders
why are you false bhai
it is 4 already but where are you
brother i like your film bajrangi bhaijaan a lot
i am a very big fan of yours . we love you brother
bhaijan amazing. dont distero asked to come to home
it is 4 already but the party is still left sal. dont reply to anyone away salman khan
bhai must be busy in some work that will surely come
now it is not 4 o? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
sorry friends, salman sir. is a little busy now.
if you werento t going to come
sir will you come to kashmir please reply
my facebook par. . . on twitter
o crazy this is a little salman khan
salman bhai why are you waiting for me i love you salman brother
how can you invite such fans
one is that why isnha t it looking nice now
come now bhai
bhai i will have to go for your answer
sir ji i donka t see your reply . ka . ka ka ka
hey brother, love. then we will come back. i wish you a request to you.
please come now please . . . i am not going to roza so much . . . plz. . i am not going to talk to you plz. . 8 .
but you are not tell me
bhai 1 reply greetings
bhai come quick
do you amazing salman ji is a plan to come
what will i have to do to make biased 17inch. some comments
all this is a lie, no salman khan is going to talk to us
salu phone is a question of numbers sap
oh very wait
what friends, that evening has come and that is what kind of using!
brother come please
salman sir, you are happy in a film of yours. antonly, rockstar salman khan. please, please.
where should i chat bhai
brother, i have heard, salman brother. i am not a big fan like this. i am just saying this
please trust my dream
now i dont have to reply fast
sir iki m very worried ? ? ? ? plz call me on ki ? ? ? ?
salman khan . . ah. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . lee salsalahbeing human . . . ah.
hey salman sir the commitment once then he doesnt listen to himself even why sir
come to meet at home
where did you go?
even if there is a thing from pakistan or not
bhai talk to me once we will get an assignment to you
w8 is oh
hello khan salman #khan
sir will i get a reply to you plz ? ? ?
brother my phone is being disappointed, 26* is battery
sir i am not kidding your action.
brother come now i am a big fan of yours
tm come we will make us wait for you we will want more than you salman ji you will love you
love you brother i can also give this to you love you brother
why are you not replying? ? ?
brother love you brother. my day is on 8th july
salman brother, you donne t trailer. your trailer.
i know
wait is you bad
bhai do not come if i get fans
come bhai
you didnka t do your comments, brother. you are a thief.
may i also do it plz. . . . please fix my brother. . . . . . . lah lah i wish you could wait for allah
salman khan on insta
add me ji we will also do any jod . salman khan will message usko.
aaaa jaaaoo bhaiiiiiiiiiiiiiii knha hai ve been waiting
this is 2 minutes now
brother its 27min 1622 please come
the net pack became over . . . charging from ytm
you are not kidding with fan
hi it is past 4
–no problem
nice bhai favourite song at night i will come, i will come.
sallu brother. please call me once
yo sir ji my time has happened. plz reply
it is 4. 30pm now on fb
itha s past you. time is really nice.
someone will tell me who did this fake news?
bajrangi bhaijaan it is 4ki 30 when will you come backki . . brother kl my birthdayki s party is from my side
brother will you also come late like our countryki s minister
i love you, sir i love you very nice
where did you go bhai . .
bhai come now please
will you talk to everyone?
brother if you dont come then how will you do in your name
seems like this bhai wonh t come like this.
we are doing your work. come now
how are youka s children, donka t worry. i am tensedka ka . please donka t say that please salman
where are you sirrrr.
i wish you were happy always keep saying salute you loko . love you
hi sallu baba
maybe you are busy then you are not replying. if you are not replying, then you will just reply . . but please come back.
salman brother please marry, please
salman khan i am a very big fan of yours
sir if you say so much then it is fi hai )
i am thinking that there is a lot of strength here l ? so plz 1 reply for plzzzz
are you making a chutiya or will you talk to bhai?
hey brother, how should we talk to you someone. . .
greetings bhai where are you?
it is the time of roza
it is 4 already but the party is still left
itin s been a lot of fun, even if you get married come now
brother where are you
omg salman brother. assalam o alaikum . .
sir it isnka t that i will one day become the sir.
it is 4 already but the reply is still left
brother when are you coming
please come now sallu
you are not hiihai hai . you are not hiii hai 3
i told you that you can not talk to people too. it is a disgrace because of which you said today and friend
what is this
bhai come or not to say to katrina ko ko ko .
why did you not come
sir plz come it is 4pm
brother accome, donk t be able to come now please sir
brother we are going to be time for namaz namaz namaz nama. . but bhai if you come to chat then please tell me
bhai is it busy ?
salman brother, you must have said something for sure
are you bhai?
salman brother you are very nice
come please
one reply brother plzzzz
how much will we wait
please bhai come
where are you ready . 4. ll also be 4. . next year you will come at 4pm
it is 4 already but the reply is still left
bhai h h i am waiting
brother you have gotten tired so many comments, brother is still in online
look at that todi and request and you wonke t see even then salman brother
brother jan balekum salam if you are like shimla then numbers salman brother
prsallu. bhai please message me one thing . ke . brother there are some problems for you , whatsapp 8806
it has been 1 already but bhai is not sick.
hlo salman sir i am and my message is a very big fan of yours
i donha t know when i will wait
where are you brother , everyone, s brother.
dont reply to anything
hi, brother where are you
i think salman sir is waiting for you salman brother
iha m waiting
next time we wait for brother ' s commitment . maybe today there is a lot of fun. love you brother. god hafi
yes maid , you all bhijane.
please give answer.
maid
khi bajrangi bhaijaan where did not get married now! now i will knows.
brother life it is 4it 30 pm now come online how much will we wait
oh stop
bhai i am a very big fan of yours, i came to mumbai, but i didnt meet you. from that time please reply to me
hi. ll also meet your fans sometime please give something surprised
brother we are waiting 5 bajrangi is going to
i did a fake salman n comment. i thought you are brother
hello salman bhai
everyoneka s brother salman bhai
salman brother i am not change you because i am a lot of name for you
hey, salman brother. if you werenkya t an actor then what happen?
tell me on the twitter
bhai please reply to everyone bhai please love you all
yes bhai has come
what are you messing with everyone? all of you are waiting for 1 bad
help everyone and talk to me plzzzz
sir is by mistake
there are a lot of people who want to talk to you hai z plzzzzzz give me spme sirz t words, please
bhai what is there that they are saying everyone
i love you very much
hello chul ji. now everyone is waiting for you fast
